You fingers did not go in any sort of numerical or prior was counting me down
and it was like five,
four,
three,
two,
one you just gave up.
I know.
It is for us.
It's early for the rest of the world.
It's actually noon.
It's lunchtime,
right Brian?
That's,
that's how fucked up your lifestyle is.
You,
you wild.
Maniac noon is like super early.
Dude.
This is so wrong.
I had to be at work at noon.
Terrible.
Fuck Bro.
You're not going to believe this.
We have fucking two podcast today,
man.
Worked for like three hours.
No sensei is bullshit.
You auto bullshit.
Yeah.
We need unions,
man.
Yep.
Fucking an hour.
I want to hear tools.
His company is fucking clearly taking advantage of its worker.
Um,
the Joe Rogan experience podcast is brought to you by the flashlight.
If you go to Joe rogan.net and click on a link for the flashlight and entering
the code named Rogan,
you will save yourself 15% off the number one sex toy for men.
Flashlight has been trying to get me to get one of their people in here.
Um,
I'm all for that.
I said,
uh,
are you willing?
Fuck yes.
Half the half the other girls like they have like the best girl.
It's like also Keira,
you know.
Right.
But do you think it would be interesting on a podcast?
That's what I had most of them on a podcast.
They're re they got the good girls.
They don't have the,
the,
the dumb stupid girls.
They have like the,
the high end intelligent,
smart business women girls.
And is that what your experience is that these girls?
Yeah.
For Reals?
Yeah,
totally.
Like building their empire.
Well,
there are some like that for sure.
What are they fun to talk to him?
Asa.
Akira,
uh,
is one of the coolest girls that I've met.
And she's one of the you and love.
You gotta go right now.
You got to smell it.
You have my love.
You have Riley steel,
you're going through the fucking roster.
Tara Patrick,
Patrick's amazing.
And she's one of the flashlight girls and that's the cool thing about
flashlight.
They do,
they really molded pussy.
Other just fucking know.
I've dated two girls.
They've had their pussies mold,
not,
yeah,
I have.
And this is dating pulls a mass.
That's terrifying.
They actually do it in the,
if you look online,
a lot of,
a lot of times they had,
they actually filmed the process,
which is pouring the shit all over their pussies.
Oh,
all these Asian guys are,
are out there just now.
I have to hide.
This podcast exists since
from my mom.
I was worried about this and now it's like,
well it's right away.
We haven't even gotten to the podcast yet.
This is just the commercial.
Janet Hayes,
we're also brought to you by on at.com makers of Alpha brain,
the cognitive enhancing supplement that,
uh,
I haven't taken mine yet.
I got it.
So I need to take,
I need to take some,
yeah,
it sounds great.
It sounds like something has to last.
So fake ticket right now we also have the kettle bells or in ladies and
gentlemen,
and it's been a huge content.
I have try to get this,
uh,
happening with the kettle bells.
Very difficult to make happen.
It's hard to get fucking of Bell's,
first of all,
they're expensive as shit when shit really hard to sell or a rather to ship,
really hard to ship because it's like you're fucking sending cannon balls.
You're essentially sending Castile easy thing.
It's very,
I don't want to lift that shit in a box and go,
well we got a bunch of samples and every time we got samples they would get,
you know,
like they would come to the mailbox.
You know,
like I got like this fucking 50 pound Canon Bell,
55 pound actually cannonball shipped to the mailbox and he's poor little ladies
work at the best dog.
What the hell are you doing?
This little tiny box and it's heavy as fuck.
You know,
like what is this even you lifting it like that's the hidden meaning the handle
sucks to carrying that thing.
Yeah.
We wanted a farmer carry it all day.
Each one weighs 55 pounds,
85 pounds.
And you usually order one or do you get two of them?
Well,
there's a lot of workouts that you do with just one.
I have.
My favorite work that I do is just one kettle bell,
but lately I've been doing a lot of two kettlebell workouts.
Wow.
I like to describe you like two kettlebells.
Yeah,
there's an extreme kettlebell cardio workout.
It's a DVD that dragon door sells.
It's so fucking good.
I do one 35 pound kettle bell.
Those guys,
Matt and break.
You heard Adjacency Brown?
No,
he's Jew Jitsu guy and he does a kettlebell conditioning stuff.
I mean he's a guy online that I,
you know,
I don't know him or anything but yeah you do these workouts and I actually find
them to be destroyed.
Like it's more like a test of the Callen shape I am.
I don't feel like it cause it's so dead.
My wife,
when I got kettle bells,
my wife was like,
I think these kettlebells are ruining our marriage because you just get crushed.
I can flatline like staring the holes,
like
drain yourself,
don't talk to me.
I kettle bells on Friday and then I tried to do Jujitsu last night.
I mean,
I did you Jitsu,
but I got like three rolls in and I was like,
this is it.
This all again and I can,
I'm so,
I'm so glad.
I'm not like a real fighter.
He's actually keep training even though you don't want to.
I love the fact of I'm tired.
I can just go,
fuck this.
I'm going home.
So smart.
Come to my house and do some jingle bells.
It's a lot easier.
Okay.
That doesn't help you,
Brian.
You're missing the whole point in this conversation.
Um,
I also started doing,
I started doing a lot of body weight squats,
man.
I do a two hour,
200 bodyweight squats before every workout and I like Bruce Lee to body weight
squats.
My legs move better now.
My kicks are harder.
Everything just from these bodyweight squats,
10 or easy.
It's like the first tangled.
Like I could do these all day.
And then when you get to like 120 and you go,
oh Jesus,
I have to go to mental toughness to those that,
those kinds of work.
But my legs are like fucking springs now.
It's crazy.
I've been doing it over the last like four months and it's made a huge
difference.
Man.
Steve Maxwell got me into that.
I know that he's a great kettlebell guy and there's a,
so if you're,
if you're interested in kettlebells,
this like the cheap
as you can sell them where they're super high quality deals.
He,
these are your kettle bells to the best quality that we could find and the best
quality available.
Anything else is just commensurate.
And um,
the other thing about cannabis is like,
buy one,
even if it is kind of expensive,
the motherfucker will last you the rest of your life.
It'll be your,
you could pass it down to your grandparents kit,
your,
your grandchildren rather.
And it,
you would have no problem buying shit once ever forever.
You can't break them.
Yeah.
I mean you'd have to like throw him off a fucking apartment building,
break them.
Even a lot of them were cast from one piece and they still would just going to
crater and beef be all right.
Yeah.
A lot of them.
Yeah,
they're these,
but these are the shit.
These York ones are fucking awesome and we're,
we're like basically selling them as cheap as possible.
Um,
go to [inaudible] dot com and check that out.
And there's also some new ingredients that have been added to Alpha brain.
Um,
and there's the original Alpha brain is available.
It's a,
I think it's just called Alpha,
not Alpha brain source.
What are they calling it?
I maybe they don't know because I had a bottle of the old stuff and about all
the new stuff and I was trying to look which one was the new stuff when I
couldn't figure it out.
And I was like looking straight at both of them at the same time because it say
anything different on,
I don't think it even says anything different on it unless this is just don't
know.
I gave you some of the new ones.
I think the most recent batch,
I think that's an Ale.
I Dunno,
I'm not sure.
Um,
but for,
for those have been asking about the clinical trials in this,
we are 100% are going through with it.
We just got to alter a few things.
And since we just changed the formula,
we want to make sure that,
uh,
we get enough a date data on this setup before we move forward.
And we want to finalize,
um,
how,
uh,
what the actual ingredients list is.
Uh,
if you're interested in any of this stuff with Alpha brain is,
it's a,
it's called a nootropic.
Nootropics are there vitamins that enhance your brain's ability to produce
neurotransmitters?
They make,
in my opinion,
a significant difference on the way your brain functions,
the way you can formulate sentences,
the way you can recall information.
I mean,
it's just,
to me it makes my brain feel smoother as does coffee,
as does,
I mean,
it's not a miracle drug.
It is.
They're essentially nutrients for,
uh,
creating neurotransmitters and it's a,
it's all fascinating stuff.
It's a lot of controversy behind it.
I believe in it.
I've been involved in nootropics and taking them long before I had anything to
do with this company and the way I want to do business,
the only way I want to do businesses,
the last thing I want is anybody to feel like they're getting ripped off.
So to me,
it's way more important that people feel like they're getting their money's
worth and they're not getting ripped off than it is to make money.
So we have a 100% money back guarantee on your first order of 30 pills.
You don't even have to return the product.
You don't have to say,
you know,
uh,
just say it sucks.
You don't have to have like a,
a valid x when error rather a detailed explanation.
Just say it's socks.
That's how confident I am that it doesn't suck and that's how much I want to
make sure that people don't ever feel ripped off.
So you have a 100% money back guarantee on every first order,
a 30 pills I use it.
That's why I'm behind it.
I also use shroom tech shroom tech sport,
which is the fucking shit.
If you have any heavy duty hardcore workout,
it's cordyceps,
mushrooms and B12.
All the information is available on on.com that's o n n I t used code name
Rogan.
Save yourself 10% off.
All right.
My friend Sam Sheridan is here and we're going to get down to business.
We're going to figure out what the fuck is up.
Author experience.
Joe Rogan podcast day
all day.
My friend writes her extraordinary Sam Sheridan also star of the movie warrior.
You're going to do some more acting?
I would.
Sure.
I didn't need the money man.
I didn't know you were in it.
I played Joe Rogan want to be,
I've tried to be Joe Rogan and I failed.
Well you,
you weren't you like the Mike Goldberg character and Brian was the Joe Rogan
Karen.
I think Brian was more the color guy and I was the play by play.
No,
no,
no.
The more like I was the more expert guy.
Yeah,
that would be well,
so I'm more like hands on what's in MMA.
We kind of do it.
It's kind of wacky the way we do it.
Like a lot of times in if it was boxing or in other sports,
the play by play guy would also sort of be like an expert.
Right.
You know,
and you guys,
I mean I love a Goldberg does.
I think it does it,
you know,
it's,
it's a tough job,
man.
That's not easy.
Was very hard.
Everybody who throws,
it's like just try very hard.
Not Easy.
I did it once and I was terrible at it.
Yeah.
He's,
he's really good at what he does.
He's just so good and he makes it look so easy and people for those guys,
how difficult seems easy,
but it's not at all.
That guy has to keep the show running for a live event for six hours and he does
it on a regular
all the time.
And my job is so much easier than Goldberg's.
All I have to do is go,
he's gotta get his arm out of there.
I look at it as you're getting a triangle job.
Fuck,
he's fucked.
You want to say anything for a minute?
It's fine.
Yeah.
If he didn't say anything for a minute,
it's Lee's getting fired.
I think they'd probably,
all the people at home too would all be happy if we just say nothing for one
minute.
Just one minute to shut the fuck up.
I want to say watching that tough,
whatever it was.
Where they didn't have any commentating and it he's like Dana and what's his
name or whispering or Riaa and the actually loved it.
Here I'm poaching and like hear their feet cause usually the crowd is so loud
too.
You can't hear the guy breathing and the kind of impact and stuff.
So you have the ultimate fighters.
Those are my favorite fights.
I love those fights.
They're great.
I wish we could have like super high level fights.
I would love to see like people versus Anderson Silva in the tough house and I'm
not front to eight people.
Yeah.
Did you put it on TV?
So weird being credible?
It would be incredible.
Yeah.
You know,
I wish I could speak Portuguese too.
When they start shit to Raja.
I know afterwards,
what did they say?
No Man do.
I thought about learning Portuguese just to understand what kind of things
presented fighters are saying to each other.
Go there,
right?
Yeah.
I'm going to Brazil this weekend.
Oh cool.
You've been in a lot of times.
Yeah.
You've been times they're the most passionate UFC fans of all time.
No one is as passionate as a Brazilian fans.
He's got a huge doing huge numbers in Brazil.
He knew the ultimate fighter.
Brazil did 12 million people.
It's first episode like right,
what the fuck man?
Brazil is just going to like print money in the basement.
They love fighting men.
They love it.
The crowds are insanely appreciative.
They're,
they're like,
they're so fucking fired up when you go there,
man,
it's,
it's really infectious.
Like from the moment the first fights,
the place was packed.
It was no like Casual Vegas,
hipster
MTC ECOMAINE is let's get there.
They're going to lose your seat there.
You know,
I went to a small show and a knit near Rio and it was like tons of little kids
running around and raining and people,
it was fun.
You know,
it's amazing.
It's amazing.
It's like a paradise,
you know,
for all the things that people complain about of a,
the poverty and the crime and things like that.
What you don't see is like this really happy,
carefree lifestyle that we just can't appreciate any believable.
7:00 AM me and Ari were sitting out on my balcony Chelan and we're watching the
kids running to the beach,
playing soccer at 7:00 AM what fat American kids so sporty.
Do try to keep up with your Brazilian friends over the weekend and then we're
going to play this and this and then we're going to go beach volleyball and then
we'll go on and hang gliding and we're going up the mountain.
You're like,
wait,
what?
That's to that morning.
It's Sunday morning.
We're doing that.
Yeah.
It's a crazy culture.
I mean,
one of the greatest Jujitsu players ever.
A Holst Gracie,
he died from a hang gliding
wild.
It's all that sports.
I mean,
sorry.
I was trying to describe it to my friends and I was like,
you know,
imagine Manhattan with like a beautiful beach instead of the river.
You know what I mean?
Like a beautiful deep water and it's,
it's,
it's such an honor,
like a magical place.
That's a thing too,
man.
You are affected by your environment,
by your physical environment where you live in a beautiful place.
There's a reason.
One of the reasons I think why people in Vancouver are so nice.
I really think that being up there,
when you're looking at whistler,
you see the mountains,
you see that the water and the the islands and shit.
You're like,
God damn,
this is gorgeous.
It looks elegant.
It looks like it's CG.
It almost goes small cap mountains right down,
right down the alley,
the end of the alley.
There's this two buildings and then snow cap.
Yeah,
it's incredible.
It's so good for you.
Yeah.
I think of you like that.
Anything where you can see something,
some gorgeous nature.
Yeah.
You ever see those
studies about what the Optum vista is for human being?
No.
So they had like,
they have like hundreds and hundreds of photos and then that you rate the photo.
What makes you feel the most comfortable?
And it all goes back to like our,
our ancestry in the Savanna.
It's like you want to be,
you know,
a tree height or slightly elevated.
Um,
being able to see a long way with large animals in the mid ground and deep
background.
Nothing close.
So nothing's threatening.
But there's like plenty,
like there's hunting,
right,
right.
And that's the most comforting visuals.
And so like a big sculpture can stand in for that so that people will,
you know,
a lot of these parks and stuff and you know,
we'll have a sculpture and that kind of is scratching that old,
this digital itch you have as a cave.
Yeah.
I mean look it up cause I don't know the specifics,
but it was a cool,
like what's the perfect view for what that most relaxes you?
Well that really makes sense if you really stop and think about it because those
reward systems are just hammered into our consciousness.
There's no,
or our DNA rather.
There's no way to sort of get that,
that,
that did just a ghost of it out of the oh no.
The human consciousness.
And if you've been hunting,
yes,
I have.
Yeah.
I went hunting for this last book and I,
and I loved it.
Yeah.
Great time.
I'm going hunting for the first time in October with the Steve Rinella
character.
He's nice.
Who's on this TV show called,
um,
uh,
the wild within and he's got a new one called meat eater.
Great.
And he goes,
these fucked up places in Alaska.
Are you going like bear?
No deer dear.
Cool.
I wanted to go after something that I would really be eating.
He mentioned bear first and apparently you can eat bears,
but it's,
I guess it's trickier.
I just don't want them want to feel bad about eating something.
I went,
uh,
elk hunting and uh,
love elk.
I love it.
It's delicious.
Delicious,
like crazy rocket fuel for your body.
So lean,
you get a huge plate and you're hungry.
Like if that's all you eat your stuff.
But,
uh,
I didn't feel guilty and I thought I was going to.
Yeah.
And
you know,
I think part of it was I was with a guy guy who was really kind of holding my
hand and he was sort of like,
he,
I was just pulling the trigger basically in holding the rifle.
He was sort of teaching me to hunt,
but also,
yeah,
I thought,
I don't know why exactly.
I thought I was going to feel guilty,
like I've been around hunts before and I've been like,
oh,
I don't kill that thing.
Or I was in the Amazon and I talked to his guys at a kill and a monkey,
you know,
I was like,
don't kill a monkey,
you know,
I'm not that hungry.
And,
uh,
they were going to kill a monkey to eat.
Yeah.
Well,
were you doing in the Amazon?
I was just chilling for real.
Yeah,
I was,
I had a,
you know,
I had a pill,
kill that monkey.
I'm not that hungry bag.
I'm hungry too.
Uh,
these guys had two blocks.
Long Story.
They had two bullets and one of them was no good.
We were there for like three weeks.
Whoa.
And it's like,
come on guys.
I would have sprung for it for a box of bullets.
Guys,
you know,
if he told me,
she's just so,
what'd you guys do?
Uh,
we caught fish and they,
the other boat,
we did kill a bird,
like a,
it's like a Ptarmigan and kind of like a big jungle chicken.
They called in and yeah.
Ate Fruit and got a little skinny.
Wow.
That must've been kind of spooky.
It was,
it was fun.
I mean,
I was,
I had just got,
you know,
my wife had just had a baby and then we sort of gotten through the first eight
months and then I was like,
you know,
peace,
this is,
I'm going to go back to my,
like,
you know,
exist.
And so they used to travel and write.
That's what I did.
And uh,
so you went down to the Amazon flex six weeks.
Wow.
And did that and uh,
when we hiked and built a raft,
I fault people.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I had a like two guides and they brought their friends.
It was like these,
it ended up being like,
it kind of guides.
You didn't go with any of your friends?
No,
no,
no.
Really.
So you just decided you don't have any friends?
No,
no.
I do have friends.
I mean,
sort of.
You decided to hire some guys,
take it to the Amazon.
You'll appreciate this.
You know why?
We know why,
how it went down.
Oh,
I was going to go see Tony D'souza.
okay.
And Peruse.
Who's go,
where's that?
[inaudible] it's high.
It's like 11,000 feet.
It's a beautiful place,
by the way,
if you ever,
it's awesome.
But Tony had been getting into all this.
You don't,
Tony's like,
Ooh,
he's been getting into all this crazy stuff in the jungle and he was going to
show me,
you know,
he's going to show me these like sites and burial sites.
And so I was like,
cool.
You know,
I want to go down and never been to Peru.
But Tony,
his wife was having a baby in Argentina,
so he was,
he skipped out on me.
So then I was trying to entertain myself and I was like,
I know what I'll do.
I'll go and never been in the Amazon.
And so I went,
um,
kind of in the northern part of the Amazon,
which starts the headwaters in Peru.
Um,
and I was in a,
like a little,
you know,
they call an unexplored.
It's not unexplored.
It's hunting trails everywhere,
but it just means a botanist hasn't been there.
Um,
so the,
you know,
there's potentially a new plan.
Wow,
that's fascinating.
So it was really cool.
Yeah.
So you went to a pretty rare area though.
I wish I have you seen those?
Um,
a recent documentaries,
and I don't know recall the name of them,
but there's been some recent studies and trips where they've uncovered some
ancient civilizations inside of the,
of the Amazon.
They,
they've uncovered some ancient structures and some planning,
like some city gridding and stuffs and they,
they're,
they're really not exactly sure who,
who did it or for how old it is.
I'm not,
I don't know much about it.
I mean,
that's kind of what Tony was getting at.
I think,
you know,
and I know this is a lot of satellite imagery.
They're finding stuff because they can see the tags rates from a distance,
you know,
and there's a lot of stuff in that jungle,
that jungles deep and,
and they don't know.
They don't know.
Yeah.
There's like drug dealers in there.
You know,
people that are hundreds of miles from,
I mean there's,
there's undiscovered tribes.
I don't know if there are still there are no,
no,
no.
I know because I was actually part of this TV show pitch that didn't happen,
but there's like a couple thousand mostly in the Mardi gras on one,
which is in Brazil.
It's in sort of south of the,
uh,
of the Amazon.
But yeah,
like to estimate,
you know,
two or 3000 people.
Wow.
Just living in the jungle and contacted.
Yeah,
that's crazy.
Cause you know,
there was a recent,
there was footage of,
there was film footage and there was photos of an uncontacted tribe in the
Amazon that turned out to be a hoax.
I'm sure there's plenty of that,
but you think they're,
they're really still are.
That's what they say.
You know,
they say there's a couple thousand,
that's the big group.
There's a couple,
I want to say,
there might be something in Indonesia as well or like,
you know,
pop into Guinea or something,
but it's a much smaller group.
So what a crazy lifestyle.
They're in the middle of the jungle living just living off the land and they're
people like you or I,
they could have gone to Harvard to get their brain is exactly or just exactly as
smart as us,
just like you and they're living essentially like people live thousands of years
ago.
Well that was what you really realize is that's how we're all supposed to be
living.
That's what you really evolve to do.
And like all this like shouldn't we move past that?
It shouldn't we or should we?
I think,
you know,
we,
we've,
we have and we have to be the art and science,
you know,
everything comes from it.
But also like fucking fantasy football comes from it because like you're,
you're supposed to be this incredible student of your environment.
Like you know,
if you,
I just always think about it like a little kid.
Like when you were a little kid and you had a yard,
like you knew your yard so intimately,
right?
You knew like every corner and like the sand and the texture of the grass and
that's what you'd be like as an adult.
Over like a 10 mile chunk of land.
You would just,
you would like feel kind of what's going on there.
You know,
where the animals are and all your expertise.
Everything you ever learned to be good at would be focused on survival,
hunting and fishing and yeah,
that would be your new game.
That'd be your,
that's,
that's without it.
Now you have fantasy football and now you have,
you know,
you need something to be an expert in.
You know what I mean?
You have all this ability and if you're not using it,
it ends up,
you know,
at sports or ESPN,
but also,
you know,
math,
arts,
science,
you know,
all human achievement.
Yeah.
All Cuban achievements,
games,
all those things are there.
They're essentially like sort of vehicles there.
They're vehicles for you to travel outside of the,
the natural realm of the reward system.
Like instead of hunting,
now you're playing chess.
Yeah.
Instead of fighting and transmogrified.
Toward it or it's weird how that happens.
Yeah.
That's the thing with the annex.
You know,
with addicts,
the best thing for an addict is to get addicted to something really positive.
Like golf or so running.
Running.
Yeah.
They say that you know,
most self destructive,
crazy,
addictive sort of behavior junkies and the like they can use that obsession.
You know that a lot of it is just this,
this ability to focus on things kind of crazily and they've connected that to a
hunter gatherer cultures.
They say that that's why it exists.
It exists because you had to have the ability to sit there for five hours and
wait this deer out cause you
had to eat that night and so you would focus there.
We're all going to die.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You'd Focus Tensley on this one thing and become absolutely obsessed with it and
that's how you would hunt.
That's how you would get animals.
I mean how about persistence hunting?
Yeah,
I know in that crazy fucking completely insane.
That's what we used to do before we had weapons.
We chase things and we killed them with our fucking face cause they were so
tired.
You just walk up to him and strangle him or whatever.
Well it's funny because animals,
animals are la like fighters in the,
the sprinters have shipped cardio.
They can't keep going and those deer,
they sprint and then they're fucking done.
Man.
If you keep going,
you keep chasing after him for like a day,
they'll just drop her head and that's it.
They can't hear.
They can't handle it.
They don't sweat.
Good.
Yeah.
So it's just like,
yeah,
like a lot of fighters that are like super explosive.
I know Trump muscular,
you know,
and the third round and like fuck this everybody.
Everybody's like,
why can't they keep doing that?
And you're like,
you don't know how much that's using up.
Every time he explodes.
It's why he's going to wait.
It's interesting cause you know you,
you wonder about the racial side of things.
Of course,
like you know when you see guys with tons of fast twitch black guys or whatever
and then you know,
they don't have the,
sometimes the stamina is not,
you know,
like their,
their stamina goes away,
right.
Because they're exploding and the home,
like all those receptors have to reset all your chemicals.
You have to find new ways of well and there's also psychological aspects of it,
especially at the lower levels because the guys who are that like naturally
athletic a lot of times don't have to work as hard.
Right.
And a lot of times they don't have the mental toughness of a guy who has had to
grind it out his whole life because he has no fast twitch.
This is that.
Now we're leading perfectly into this.
Next time I go.
This is actually something I really wanted to get into with you because I think
you're so well situated to see this,
you know,
to see the mental side of things and and uh,
in fighters and how they're watching guys,
moods change and stuff.
The question I had was have you ever seen stuff in the weigh ins that really
gave the game away to you like that you knew something was hydrating,
right?
Extreme dehydrating was really the only thing.
Travis Luder is the worst example ever.
When Travis Luder fought Anderson Silva,
he missed weight and it became a non title fight and I don't know what happened.
Lino.
A lot of times something can happen during training.
Your body shuts down,
you can't lose any water and you're fucked and that's where Travis was.
He could not lose the extra weight and he stayed around after the weigh ins.
He did the weigh ins,
Miss Weight and then tried to make the weight.
They gave him,
I believe that game a couple of hours,
but he couldn't do it man.
He couldn't do it and he was shuffling towards the scale and I was like,
Holy Shit.
He can't even walk.
Like he couldn't even step up and walk.
So I was like,
that's not a good sign.
That was any wound up losing by the way.
He did fucking fantastic until you gassed until he got Travis Luder might be one
of the,
as far as like MMA goes,
the one of the biggest loss potential guys that like when he was in his prime,
he was so physically his Jujitsu.
It was so fucking solid and tight.
Yeah,
he missed the boat a little bit.
He just,
his cardio was never like never really went to like a full camp or you start off
doing it in his last couple of fights,
but he should've done that when he was young.
You know,
he would,
uh,
he would have been a fucking piece.
His jujitsu was like head and shoulders above everybody and he had that kind of
unstoppable quality.
I remember I talked to Charlie,
animal McCarthy said like,
you can never stop him from doing what he wanted.
Like he was going to bull you across the cage and take you down on the far side.
And then he was going to do what he did on the ground and like,
and that's what he did to Anderson Silva.
Like he really did.
He's a tough motherfucker.
I think if he was in shape and he was healthy,
Anderson Silva was fucked.
He was fucked because it was a bad time for Henderson to Anderson had double
knee surgery six weeks before that fight.
He had meniscus operation on both of his fucking needs.
So when I saw Anderson that night after the fight,
he was walking around limping.
Like he just got double knee bard.
Right.
And nothing happened.
You walked a triangle on Travis,
beat the shit out of him.
So he was,
while his knees were in pain and he's beating the shit out of him.
Have a lot of,
that was one of the nastiest examples of what can happen if you get caught in a
triangle.
It's gross.
Yeah,
because he doesn't just put you to sleep.
He beats the fucking shit out of you inside of the triangle.
It was horrendous.
I don't know.
Very rarely the guys tat I know from elbows from inside to try.
Weird scene Anderson's a motherfucker,
dude leaky tap from that.
But that Travis Luder fight was a perfect example of when I saw him at the way
was like,
wow,
this guy might be in trouble.
So you've never seen like a emotional thing so hard to tell because some guys
look super nervous.
Jon Jones look super nervous when he fought Shogun,
not in the weigh ins,
but coming into the cage.
He was like,
he was really,
in my mind,
it was like really reacting to the pressure where as opposed to when he fought,
um,
Quinten or in a,
in his last fight against Rashad,
he looked very calm.
He's,
he's becoming like,
not just,
he's not just ultra talented.
He's becoming ultra confident and not even an ultra competence.
He always was that,
but comfortable.
I'm okay.
He's like,
he's able to be himself in there.
But when he looked a little nervous when he came out and fought Shogun,
he fought fucking stellar.
So it doesn't mean anything.
Doesn't mean anything.
It doesn't mean anything.
I mean,
really.
Yeah.
I mean sometimes you see a guy and you say,
Oh,
you know,
I mean,
it's like,
you know,
when you're,
I try not to do this too much,
but when you're doing commentary,
yeah.
You want to think of something good to say.
You look at his face,
he looks fired up.
You Go,
the dude looks fired up.
You know what I mean?
You got to say it.
If you feel it,
even though it does sound,
it's kind of cliche.
Look at the look at his eyes,
you know?
Well,
but I mean that's part of what you're doing.
Yeah.
Setting it up.
But it is true too.
I mean,
I,
you know,
some guys,
they come in,
they look fucking super focused.
You know what I just was thinking of this.
I,
when I saw may have Miller fight,
um,
it was it,
who do you look terrible with?
The biz.
Bisping?
Yeah.
I saw him and walked out.
I mean,
I was watching it on TV and I saw him walk down the aisle and I was like,
oh my God,
mayhem.
It's got something to lose.
Uh,
you know what I mean?
I caught them a little bit about it,
but at the time I was like,
oh my God,
look at his face.
He's just got something to lose.
He's,
he was nervous
not about getting it,
you know,
hurt or anything,
but he had a name now,
you know what I mean?
And it was like he was,
he was somebody,
we wasn't the gun coming in the crazy man.
Who cares if he wins or loses?
Oh yeah.
Isn't that interesting?
Yeah.
It changes.
I thought that was really interesting.
Well,
you know,
it's the hardest thing is I think becoming really good and then getting better.
You know,
it's funny cause that's what one of the things in that fighter's mind book was
talking to,
you know,
um,
sports psychologists,
you'd do like big golfers and stuff like that.
And there was this guy would say,
you know,
if you hit it in the water,
you don't have a job.
But if you worry about that,
you're not going to make the shot.
Like you can't,
it's like you have to give it,
you have to not be scared enough to let it hang out.
You know what I mean?
Like that Dan Henderson quality of,
right.
Well,
you know,
it was where it's a sport.
What's really Po,
at least in golf,
there's millions of dollars.
I mean,
those guys,
when they're playing professionally,
they're already making money.
Pool players have a part of than anybody.
Oh,
a top level of pool player.
It makes a hundred grand a year,
200 grand a year,
the best in the world.
You know,
that's,
that's a real struggle.
So there's guys that are like former world champions that are like on the grind
trying to play and not a weekend tournament to win 1000 bucks.
You know,
like the whole weekend you play and if you win you win 1000 bucks.
That's like common.
That's normal.
That's a normal week.
Wow.
Yeah.
And you try to learn anything about it.
It's fucking brutal in every shot.
Consistencies so tough to maintain and hard to maintain focus,
you know,
anything where you worry about losing anything,
right?
Like in,
in the game of pool.
If you worry about missing a shot,
you're gonna fucking miss a shot period.
Absolutely.
If you start thinking about what if it rattles in the pocket,
like you're literally projecting that you have to not just be good,
not just know what you're doing,
but you have to have a clear idea what's going to happen.
Your thought process,
you know,
it doesn't mean you're always gonna make the ball.
But it definitely means you're going to fucking miss if we don't have that
thought process in place.
And I believe that's the same thing with fighting.
I think we,
I think that exists with everything.
The more negative thoughts you'd like.
I've had some really bad comedy sets in my life.
I've had some fucking horrendous bombing.
I've sucked some credible buckets of cock on stage,
but every time I did it,
I was worried about doing that.
Every time I did it wasn't either.
I wasn't confident enough with where I was as a comedian at the time or with my
material or rather there was a reason,
you know?
And that overwhelmed me.
I wasn't ready for that.
You know,
for whatever reason I hadn't learned those lessons yet.
I think with,
with martial arts,
it's way harder than anything else because like we were talking about with like
caveman reward systems,
I mean that is the reward system that is the ultimate sport.
I mean this is nothing else that even comes close to it in terms of like the
visceral connection with the human psyche than a one on one combat with another
man.
A hundred is so crushing,
just this
devastating,
I forget who it was,
but somebody said it's like,
it's like sucking a thousand dicks.
I do any of your money and what was that new?
So bread is bombing on stage and getting your ass kicked.
That's like the most brilliant thing I've ever heard that all the time.
Cause it's like,
it's a little got little shock value.
You know what I mean?
It is.
It's like sucking dicks in front of your mother.
Getting especially like getting knocked out by a guy that's really hard.
You know,
it's that thing about,
you know,
how much we value free will.
And something I really wrote about was like,
you know,
if you're unconscious,
I can do whatever the fuck I want to you.
You've lost your free will.
You know what I mean?
You're,
you're done.
And I think that's kind of,
there's like a silly aspect of fighting sometimes when guys will say,
I'm willing to die in there.
You know,
like really,
you're not going to die.
You know.
But you have to think that though.
You do absolutely yourself to a dangerous,
dangerous place.
You have to be content.
Let's like being content with failure.
You're like,
if I die,
so be it.
That's important.
But also it's kind of about valuing that,
you know,
I'd sooner die than let you dominate me.
That kind of kind of mentality.
You know?
Like that's,
that's a big thing.
Randy couture talked a lot about,
you know what you were saying with negative thoughts.
He would,
because he was,
when he was coaching wrestlers,
he would say,
if I yelled at somebody like,
you know,
don't get,
don't get taken down.
They get taken down,
right?
Then boom,
they're down.
Whereas instead,
if I realized,
if I was like,
you know,
work at the under hook at the under Hook Dude,
all this positive,
give him something that he knows what to do,
then you can,
you can have success.
Which was an interesting,
you know,
sort of very simple lesson,
but it was a,
well,
nothing's worse than someone standing next to you telling you what not to do.
Right.
That's a terrible thing.
Don't be not funny.
Yeah.
We'll say anything stupid.
It's impossible.
Don't pull your cock out.
What's the fuck man?
I mean that is the one of the reasons why Catholic school girls would come
sluts.
Yeah,
right.
Absolutely.
There's a reaction.
What are you going to do?
People don't like suppression.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work,
man.
It doesn't work.
Yeah.
I tell it to parents all the time like that.
That shit doesn't work.
Her courage.
No.
Know those girls don't do it.
Don't do it.
Yeah.
Encouragement is where it's at.
For suppression just creates part off stores.
Right?
Exactly.
Like we all need,
it's such a weird thing.
The world fucking has a balance to it all.
I guess so.
I think we were pretending it does.
I wonder if we get to a point where we have CGI porn.
We'll,
we'll go.
You know what?
We've got to start taking care of our kids.
They have that in Japan.
Do they have all that intimate anime porn?
It's not real though.
It doesn't like no people.
I mean like porn plugging into your brain or something where it looks like real
humans.
Oh,
right.
If it's just going to,
I mean eventually it'll be the brain,
but instead of looking at actual people,
fucking it was all CG.
Yeah.
All CJ.
I mean that's,
that reality is not far away.
No.
Mean I would say it's probably here in some computer guys layer somewhere.
You're not quite,
but it's pretty God damn close.
It's like you remember,
um,
uh,
I am legend.
Yes.
Remember how bad the lions looked?
Yeah.
I mean,
I vaguely remember the zombies not working at all.
Zombies weren't so good,
but at least they were monsters.
I can accept some crazy looking at monsters,
but I know what a fucking lion looks like.
Right,
right.
Yeah.
That ain't it.
That's a fake ass look and law.
I mean,
listen,
even if you can pull that up because it's so ridiculous.
Pull up this scene.
The lion scene in I am legend,
fake Lyons and I am legend cause it looks so stupid.
It's gotta be online.
Even the star wars,
to me,
the models look better.
The models had a little bit of,
there's some million little details like your eyes aren't picking up or your
conscious mind isn't picking up of like the weight of the model and the way the
light is casting on the model versus the cgs like beautiful.
But it looks flat and it doesn't look,
you know,
it's not as good.
It's not a real job.
Not as good but the fucking law,
you know,
whatever.
I mean,
but CG for some shit is the way to go.
Like they tried to do that wolf man movie with Benicio Del Toro and they tried
to go with the models and stuff with like a Basque.
He's going to go
bad.
I was like,
no,
you can't do it anymore.
It's a tough one.
Yeah.
But they still,
they spliced in some CGI shit like when he was running on rooftops,
CGI.
So it was like,
wait a minute,
you've got to fucking make a quick one here.
Pick ones.
One of the other,
these sons of bitches lines.
These lines are so bad looking.
First of all,
what a fucking bad ass movie.
Cause I enjoyed it.
Even though it did have shit.
Special effects.
Yeah.
The lines didn't really bother me too much.
Oh No.
I interested to see how really the idea of like being in Manhattan and hunting
is cool.
Great.
I,
this is a,
this is what I'm talking about.
This,
it's such a,
like a fervent myth of like the city's mine and like I can go wherever I want
whenever I want and yeah,
that is a,
it's,
this is my new book.
I actually got into this with some like professors and shit about like what the
empty city means.
What does it mean?
You know,
it's tough.
I mean it's,
it's,
it's a,
there's a historic,
you know,
it's Mary Shelley,
the woman who invented Frankenstein wrote the first post apocalyptic novel real
at the last man.
Whoa.
Pretty Wild,
right?
Mary Shelley was a bad,
good imagination on your Mary.
We're going to go Mary,
I wonder if she was taking milk of the poppy
and opium meters to Mary.
We eat and hand she,
this is the beers out there and the deers fake too.
And he's getting ready to shoot the deer and the dean doesn't look too bad,
but sweat.
How bad this line looks aligned.
Came out and took down the tier.
That's okay right there.
But look at this whack ass fake lion.
Watch.
How stupid the Luke's
Simba.
That's pretty straight so far.
No.
Look at this fake ass son.
Yeah,
no,
it looks like it looks like the Mgm Lion or thing is walking so fake.
It's not walking on that crown.
It looks like it would talk.
Yeah.
Well I'm as loud.
It's just looking at a video off of youtube too.
If you look at it in high definition,
it's really obvious
to see that stupid looking line just staring at it.
Was that bad?
That's terrible.
Over to be critical.
While you're looking at it in a terrible low resolution video.
I'll show you.
I'll show you something crazy.
Or did you see this?
What they,
uh,
that small town in China where they thought they found this like rare mushroom.
It's a flashlight.
Yeah,
it's true.
It's a sex toy.
You kidding me?
Yeah.
Look at us like they did a whole report about how they found this mushrooms and
they couldn't tell until like the next day people were like,
dude,
that's a fleshlight.
You're hearing this.
Oh my God,
what whole fleshlight awesome.
You're wondering,
is this crazy?
Is this a scam?
That's what I'm wondering,
is it?
No,
I don't think so because I mean I looked at it,
it was like on a lot of news light thing.
Yeah.
I mean they knew that,
oh my God,
Look Brian,
you sure this isn't even a real fresh like cause it's got a butt hole on one
side and a fleshlight than the other.
That's a fake fleshlight.
It's a fake knock off.
I could see where it kind of looks like,
I'm not sure.
My mom,
man,
these people know what plastic is.
They wouldn't know that that's plastic.
This is a Goddamn scam.
Well I know that the,
the,
the news company is legit and they had to give like this like apology letter.
Maybe it's a scam.
Maybe it's a scam to the deepest level.
Maybe the news companies in there ain't on it.
These mother fuckers that surprise anyone touching it,
but I told him be more,
be more the webs.
The webs of ownership.
Yeah.
I get nothing.
Nothing shocks me anymore.
I love it.
It's crazy.
I know.
I saw a lion,
a lion kill a hog in Africa.
When I was walking,
I was in on the foot and I saw him.
You saw the run and you saw like a pole and then you were on foot.
Yeah,
we had to get out of there because it's dangerous when the mail came in and
he'll drive the females off and take it and then there'll be pissed and they'll
come out and look at whatever you have to get out of there.
You,
oh my God.
But it sounded like when he started roaring and sounded like he was amped,
it sounded like there was like a,
like he had a mic and was,
there was like a,
you know like a big stereo system back there.
Somebody cranking the line.
Yeah.
So loud.
It's supposed to been weird.
It was pretty weird.
It's pretty cool to be around a giant cat roaring.
And it's,
how far away was it from you?
I mean the,
I mean the kid was pretty close.
It was like maybe,
I mean it's a while ago,
but a hundred yards or something like that,
you know,
not bad.
But,
uh,
then we get into the car.
This,
these guys came around with their jeeps and we got in.
Now you're safe.
Like they don't care.
They don't,
they don't react.
That doesn't read his prey car doesn't read this.
Even though it's an open air jeep like lions never met.
They don't mess with it because it doesn't read.
They don't care.
I can't,
I'm not buying that.
That's not,
it's not going to come into the jeep and drive.
Fuck is that,
did they have guns that cheap?
Uh,
we had,
yeah,
you guys had rifles.
We almost had to kill an elephant on that trip while I was chasing us.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
On foot.
We were walking and this young male elephant and it's like being followed home
by a mugger,
you know what I mean?
Cause he's like still coming or like walk faster.
I actually,
this is a funny story.
So they're like,
okay,
on an elephant charges,
he'll come,
they'll say he'll mock charge once or twice so you don't run because then he'll
chase you so you don't,
don't run.
Right.
So cause he'll come and he'll make noise and the waivers years.
So we,
we were loose,
awesome elephants crossing these fields.
We snuck around and I was with two guides to African guides and we sat down and
there was a couple of other tourists like me that were there.
And uh,
this one elephant starts coming closer and he starts breaking stuff and getting
a little pissy and then he charges and I see the guard,
the guides sprinting by me.
You know what I mean?
Like pushing little ladies over,
not like nobody's standing up and I'm like,
no charge and they're going to go to the guides.
So I turned and ran and then the,
the one,
one of the guides turned around and he didn't have the right round.
Chambered like to kill an elephant,
you need a big,
you know,
a huge arc armor piercing,
round,
whatever.
He was like trying to get in his rifle and he sort of stripped it down and it
did,
it backed off.
Oh Jesus.
But then it followed us for like maybe two miles.
Oh my God.
Like you know,
at like 400 yards,
300 yards coming closer.
But you'd look back and have her just coming along
and it rarely possible that someone in that elephants life fucked with one of
it's loved ones and it was a person that shot one.
Well they're going to have to kill us a bad to kill it,
I'm sure at some point because that was,
that was not too far from Kruger Park.
So there's a lot of traffic and,
and he,
they have overcrowding elephant,
so they have to kill the really aggressive ones.
They usually kill him from Halligan.
What makes them aggressive visit any young males show.
Just young dickheads.
Yeah,
yeah,
exactly.
Elephants are so smart,
man.
It's amazing.
Like how much information they store in their hands.
Elephants can draw pictures of themselves and ever seen.
I've seen some of that stuff.
The Thailand stuff.
Crazy.
Yeah,
and they recognize each other after like seven,
10 year job.
His fault.
When you first see that elephant painting that thing,
it's like,
yeah,
like what?
It's like,
yeah,
you're like,
I want to start crying or something.
You ever seen elephant get taken down by a line?
No.
Where did you see that?
Oh my God.
Not In person.
Online is that there's a bunch of lions.
When lines get super hungry,
there's nothing they can do.
They'll,
they'll take a chance and try and take down an elephant.
It's a bunch of them and they cheat.
They're jumping on this fucking line and taking it down.
It's really crazy.
And they get the lion to a point where it's almost dead.
Like they're holding it down in the line,
freaks out and jumps up and goes for a fucking mad run.
Look at it.
It's this elephants painting itself fucking crazy.
It's crazy.
It's completed.
And I've seen this before in the beginning.
It's like this most beautiful,
well,
not only that,
you have to stop and think,
not only is this elephant capable of the fine motor that it takes to paint.
How long has he been painting?
Because if you gave that to a child and acid a pain,
trust me,
I have a two year old and you can't recognize anything she does.
I have a four year old and at four years old now I'm starting to see like where
this is a rabbit.
This is a person that often has a nice hand.
Nice.
That's a nice in the ear.
That was like a nice aesthetic sort of line weight and I went to one school man
line.
Wait,
there you go.
Yeah,
exactly.
like a tattoo.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
The elephants can be super smart,
man.
Now they're amazing.
I remember there was one and when I was living in Thailand at that camp,
there was one a couple behind the camp.
It was so you'd go a sleep in the hammock near him.
I said it crazy that people are after their fucking horns,
people killed them for their horns.
You know?
That's a,
that's a weird fucking thing.
Yeah.
I did not know things horns handed.
It's an incredible look at these paintings to credible.
That's better than monkey.
Yeah.
Way better than a monkey's painting.
I've never seen him a monkey paint back that it's got a tail.
It's got a little portion hand to proportions are excellent.
That's probably better than most people can draw.
Way Better.
100% do.
I want it to be an artist and I couldn't do much better than that.
Yeah.
It's incredible.
No,
I couldn't pay.
I mean,
that's a better,
you know,
for what it is.
This is all CGI we're getting.
Yeah.
I do think that Ellen,
the fleshlight mushroom.
Yeah.
Didn't think that elephant's been been trained.
Oh,
of course he has.
Yeah.
No,
no.
He's just picking up the brush.
But I mean,
how long did it take him to learn?
Yeah.
Well,
I mean,
if it takes a child of that stroke with the trunk is pretty,
pretty sweet.
Yeah.
And especially the trunk is such a unwieldily sort of,
uh,
instruments I would think.
I Dunno,
but they could pick you up when you're fucking trunk and beat the shit out of
it.
Be Fun to have one like,
you know,
like in the middle of your chest or something like that.
Maybe more on the,
on your back if women didn't think it was Scott.
Everyone.
Yeah.
Be Cool if everybody had one.
If it was just like,
like you know,
like what if women were like weren't into dudes with arms,
you know?
It's like,
oh,
you have arms.
Yeah.
That's a new thing.
Evolution.
We're not crawling them on our bellies anymore.
Shit.
Manipulate.
Yeah.
If we all had an extra arm,
they would totally be effective.
It would help you have some sort of a trunk or tail alien could use or any of
that stuff.
I think of the Jujitsu of options,
you know?
That's what I always think of the options get submitted to
check out this line going or this elephant goes ape shit.
He's pissed.
Oh,
I see.
Crazy.
Yeah.
I guess we've seen an elephant losing its mind and the San Francisco Zoo was
cooped up and he was walking in circles is going,
I don't want to watch this man.
He's going to start killing people.
I've seen this video.
Yeah,
it bums me out.
Bums me out that someone has to live in India,
that it bumps me out.
Elephants there that it bums me out.
Those Poor Fox get trampled by the elephant.
That's just a bummer.
It's just a bummer all around,
all around.
There's nothing
good there.
It's crazy.
When you stop and think about how crowded America is and then think about a
place like India where there is more than three times.
Yeah.
People were like hard to even think if you have running water in your house,
you're like in the 1% of the world like you're in,
you're in,
you're rich in the world.
It's not that much,
but it's in the world like it really just you.
If you have running water,
you're like in the top 50% you're rich.
I don't think people really understand well.
You can't really wrap your head around it.
Such a how lucky you are to even,
yeah,
you don't even know if he'd be listening to this podcast.
You're a lucky some bitch.
You know what I mean?
It's,
it's hard to imagine living in a world where running water is not common,
but that is a huge percentage of the plan.
And now weird dysentery.
And does it ever get to a point where that's not the case?
Does it ever get to a point where everybody has a full technological society and
we're,
we'll get w and when it hits that point,
will it be so fucking overpopulated and crazy that will have likely have heard
of blown ourselves up?
Right.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean there's,
what's interesting is like,
oh,
what was I just reading about the city,
like the city,
you know,
the office small floozy and was like,
and that's what the early ideas of the population bomb coming.
I'm all,
this was this,
you know,
English philosopher or whatever.
But like,
he was sure London was going to crash.
Like,
this isn't like,
you know,
17,
80 or whatever it was from too many people.
It's too crowded.
Yeah.
But the city keeps growing and keeps working.
And actually like,
because I know where I was reading it was in this Jonah Lehrer book,
but it becomes like,
no,
now it's more than 50% of the world lives in cities and they are like successful
and somehow these very complex systems function and,
and these,
these things evolve.
So I mean,
we'll everybody have running water.
Who knows?
Man,
that's a tough one.
Whatever workout.
Well,
you know,
some woman,
um,
it's a,
there was a story that somebody sent me on Twitter today that I thought was just
completely ridiculous.
A woman,
um,
they cut all her plants down.
She made sure that,
uh,
the,
the place where she lived had,
um,
uh,
it had exemptions for like growing plants.
They couldn't be any higher than like 12 inches.
And they had to be edible.
But you can plant whatever you wanted in your lawn as long as it fit those
criteria.
So this woman apparently was like,
she was in the botany,
so she grew like all these herbs and vegetables and all these different things.
And so a fucking city,
oh,
Tulsa,
Oklahoma,
these fucking monkeys.
So they came and the cops chopped her fucking garden down.
It's on my Twitter.
If you look@twitter.com Joe Rogan.
Yeah,
today is a police work right there.
June 19th so there's a,
there's a whole,
there's a video about it,
which shows the garden and it's,
it's,
it wasn't uncapped.
It was very beautiful.
It just looked like a natural garden.
She had it roped off and it was the front line of our house.
And you know,
as you would walk by when you would go,
oh,
there's a garden.
It's not like,
you know,
it was anything like disgusting.
Like,
you know,
she had fucking garbage laying around or anything.
It was,
it was very nice.
But what,
what kind of a world that we live in where you're,
you can't even grow plants on your own fucking front lawn.
Like really,
can you legislate that?
We've decided to make little things and write them down on paper.
Well,
we can stop you from growing,
not even illegal plants,
regular vegetables and herbs and spices and things that you eat every day.
Normal Shit.
And we can cut some lady shit down.
Some morons,
some jackbooted dildos
guys and nothing else to do.
Yeah,
today.
I mean that's,
that's what the police are up to.
Yeah.
You should have a priority list.
You assholes.
A priority list.
Murderers,
if you've,
if you've gotten all the murderers,
no,
stop with the fucking parking tickets.
Stop it all the bullshit.
It should be 100% focused on the bad shit
first.
Seeking him murders,
you know,
46% of murders and California going soft cheeses,
crowd much 46% good odds.
Christ.
You believe that a good change.
It's a really good chance you're going to get away.
No,
that's not bad.
I went to this,
um,
this thing about the,
I don't know if you've heard of this,
this stuff,
Oj Simpson.
Is that because of the Mexicans?
Hey,
no,
I mean,
because like they don't have them on record like their names and stuff.
So they don't think it's,
I think it's just because of too much crime.
So hard to do.
You know?
I think it's,
they'd like you to think they're going to catch you,
but this ain't CSI.
There's this thing called the safe act.
Have you seen this thing?
No.
Once I went to this,
this,
this meeting is actually like really interesting.
They're trying to get rid of the death penalty.
They're putting the death penalty on a referendum for the first time so you can
vote on it.
Never been voted on before and take all the money they cause,
you know,
it costs stupid amounts of money and nobody ever gets killed.
So like the warden at a Pelican Bay was like,
when I came here in the 70s there were six people on death row.
When I left,
30 years later there were 700 people on death row and they'd executed for people
in that time.
Why is it so hard to x?
Because of appeals and it goes on forever and then they die of old age or
complications.
You can just keep appealing and appealing.
They get like 11 there's a tons of appeals really?
And they're like,
they're like exonerating people off of death row.
What?
Yes.
Who got exonerated off?
Jeff?
There's been two people that had been exonerated or two or three.
This,
there's website generated from their crimes in total.
Yes.
Wrong guy.
Oh,
GNA.
Oops.
Oh Jesus.
That brings the question of like,
why don't we just do life in jail?
And then it's like,
it's much cheaper isn't.
Yeah,
it's,
it's keeping somebody on to throw is like,
I forget,
but the numbers,
it's like $150,000 a year.
I think we have this eye for an eye type shit.
Yeah.
No,
it's emotionally satisfying,
but it's like it,
you know,
there's like this and there's a lot,
there's a lot of,
if you start taking a hard look at the judicial system,
it's pretty bad.
Yeah.
You know,
like there's like 2000 kids that are locked up,
tried as adults for nonviolent crimes in the whole country.
Whoa.
Like what crimes,
like they're in the clear,
in none of the other in the car because you can get tried.
So like if you're in the car,
if you're at the scene of a crime and a lot of states and as a capital crime
committed,
everyone is charged with that crime and it's a way that you can get you,
if they don't have anything hard on you,
but still,
if you're in a car and you're like your body runs into the liquor store.
So like a 13 year old kids in the car,
in the backseat of a car and the other gang member runs into the liquor store
and kill somebody.
Oh he gets capital crime does life.
Oh and I think I just killed my numbers are,
look,
yeah,
it's basically that's how it works.
But it's,
it's,
I don't,
you know,
I'm not,
I don't please fact check me on this,
but it's like,
I think 100% of them are black dude.
That guilt by associations.
Ridiculous.
Cause we've all known fucked up people.
I mean we've all done a bad teacher.
Listen,
we all could be locked up if it had been us and somebody,
you know what I mean?
Like we've all done shit where it's been like,
I've met people that turned out to be murderers.
I've met people that were thieves.
Really.
I first Susie meet who's a murderer.
There was a guy named,
uh,
well his fake name was Raphael Tori.
And uh,
I don't remember his real name.
Where did you meet him while he was friends with Eddie Bravo?
Uh,
Eddie runs with some odd dude's,
well,
it wasn't even an ad.
The guy was a reporter for a,
an online MMA site.
And,
uh,
he was telling people that he was a Brazilian jujitsu black belt.
Um,
but Eddie figured out that he wasn't a black belt.
Eddie was Eddie rolled with the guy and he was like,
this doesn't make any sense.
This guy's fucking terrible.
He doesn't have the right instincts.
He doesn't know how to roll.
You know,
in a minute,
obviously aren't what you say you are.
I became suspicious.
I didn't know the dude.
I only met him like a couple of times,
but uh,
he,
uh,
would go away and have these fake fights,
right.
He went away to Thailand and had an MMA fight,
you know,
and this is back when you couldn't really check on that kind of shit was crazy.
As he said,
he won by twister.
Twister is,
uh,
Eddie Bravo signature moves.
It's like a guillotine of wrestling,
but there's a bunch of setups and it becomes a submission when you a u s cup,
the top of their head that's so hard to get.
The twister is so hard to get.
Yeah.
So for a guy who's some whack ass,
you know,
submission guy who just got educated on the twister.
It's not like if you went and taught Jake shields the twister and then he got it
that night,
I would say,
well of course he's Jake shields.
You could basically do any kind of grabbing room.
You just have to show it to him once.
Now this is some guy who everybody was tapping and didn't want to roll with
anybody.
So we kind of knew that some sort a sniff that stuff.
Well,
it turns out homeboy,
um,
was dating this woman who was married and killed the husband,
it choked him to death.
Wow.
Yeah.
We don't know if it's like did it with a cord or rear naked or what,
but he would choke some guy to death.
Yeah.
And then,
yeah,
he's in jail for it.
Yeah.
But so,
I mean,
what the fuck man,
what if I was in the car with that guy because he was friends with Eddie.
He stopped in and that school to go choke that guy to sleep,
you know,
or you know,
whatever.
You don't want to hear in the blank.
Don't want to hear it.
I mean,
yeah.
And I think the main thing is,
is like if you start,
it's just,
you know,
I don't want to preach at you,
but he started getting into it.
It's like pretty bad,
you know,
in terms of people,
I met this kind of Florida because I was doing research.
I was in,
in these jails in Florida and like he was real estate agent and he was sitting
in jail for a year and a half without a trial,
lost his job,
lost his house,
lost everything because he had been,
when he was 18,
he'd been,
he was a felon.
I think he'd done like a beanie or something like that.
This is now,
he's in his thirties,
late thirties or even in his early forties,
cleaned up his life,
had a job for 15 years.
His mom's moving,
he helps his mom move into her new apartment.
She loses her keys.
So he breaks the door to get her in,
gets arrested for it.
Oh No.
And we're like,
I'm telling this to some of the officers,
they're like,
oh,
these guys are all snuck her in you,
you idiot.
You know,
and uh,
no,
we,
we got somebody to look at it and I'm like,
Oh yeah,
and this wrong.
But he sat there for a year and a half waiting for a lawyer cause he couldn't
get one,
you know,
like it just didn't have the connection.
Yeah.
In jail,
locked,
helping his mom get into her fucking house because of the cause.
And the three strikes you,
I mean,
you've heard of all that stuff.
The crazy,
I don't want to get into it,
but it's like,
it's cause it's so depressing,
but I don't want to preach,
but it's,
uh,
it's worth,
it's worth the safe act anyway.
Get into it.
In California,
if you live in California,
so many cops are so fucking cynical.
I mean,
it's such a hard job,
you know,
that they don't get paid enough and they get treated like shit and everybody,
thinks of them as the enemy.
Yeah.
And you can get so cynical because was the line you want to,
you've seen the worst of humanity.
You seen people on their worst day.
Yeah.
And uh,
it's like,
it's hammer
thinking,
you know,
it's like if all you see is nails and that's all you ever see it.
I actually got into this,
I was friends with this guy named Steve Rodriguez.
I'm corresponding with him and he's a famous police sniper with like,
you know,
he,
I think he's was,
you know,
at one point was a very well known police snipe rate's been on shows and stuff,
but we were talking a lot about,
you know,
cops,
you got it.
You got to train them,
you've got to equip them,
you've got to arm them.
I mean,
most of them will never shoot their gun.
Most of them never end up using their stuff,
but they still have to have that mentality and what that creates,
that creates this system where you're,
no,
you're seeing bad guys everywhere and you know,
becomes a self fulfilling prophecy and all that stuff.
Well,
I,
I have a friend that I liked very much and he's a cop and he's a good guy and a,
I know he is,
but he's got crazy ideas about pot and he's,
you know,
before they decriminalized it,
he was like,
Hey,
don't give a fuck of
a guy's got a fucking medical marijuana card.
I'm fucking still arresting him.
And me and him,
we had a conversation about go,
bro,
that's fucking dumb.
That's dumb.
I go,
you like beer,
don't you like beer?
But if the government said you couldn't have a beer with you,
you'd be like,
what the fuck?
Kind of bullshit countries.
This why can't have a fucking beer.
I work all day.
I want a beer.
I go,
that's the same thing.
It's a joint.
It ain't hurting anybody.
I'm like,
I smoke it,
dummy.
You're wrong.
You know,
couldn't be more wrong.
I couldn't be more wrong.
I mean,
this is after we did Jujitsu for an hour and a half.
We're like,
dude,
we just strangled each other for a fucking hour and a half.
You're telling me bleeds bad for you.
You're crazy.
It's so stupid.
It's a,
it's a,
it's a dumb thing to get stuck on the wrong side of.
And as a cop you sort of get trapped into this good guy,
bad guy.
Here's the law.
This is the game.
This is,
I can go,
I can go after this one.
This one's a target,
this one's not,
you know,
becomes,
and then,
you know,
California cops are suing the state because of quotas that are supposed to be
illegal.
But they get enforced anyway.
Quotas for speed tickets and all sorts of different stupid things where,
what would we do if the fucking world became an unbelievably peaceful place?
We all achieved enlightenment.
And uh,
there was no more speeding tickets.
W W W would,
would you,
would you fucking,
what would you do?
Would you make the cops responsible?
Would you make them start pulling people over that were going the speed limit
and say,
fuck it.
Just write tickets.
They're gonna not gonna fight it.
They're just going to pay.
The people have jobs.
They don't have the time.
Right.
And the cops become enemies.
Yeah.
The cops start faking crimes and arresting themselves for the crimes.
I mean,
they're going to,
they're going to start chasing each other around.
They're going to start fucking making fake crime.
And essentially that's what they've done in a lot of places.
That's what occupy Wall Street and it's been a victim of totally.
Cops have become fake a instigators of crime.
There was a,
the thing that happened in Seattle at the World Trade Organization,
is that what it is?
A WTO for Seattle?
Yeah.
You remember that shit?
Well,
they had fucking military grade uniforms on.
They had military boots on.
Like Alex Jones might be a nutter and he might say some crazy shit,
but there's a certain percentage of the shit that he says it makes 100% totally
sense.
And that was one of them was that these people,
they the,
you know,
they call them,
I don't know what,
what you call with the official word for them.
Is that someone that goes into a,
a place and purposely antagonizing things,
right?
Breaks windows.
Yeah.
Like a,
what do you call it?
I know what you're talking and her kiss,
whatever you would call it.
The provocateur.
A provocateur.
Thank you.
That's exactly what it is.
They create a situation where the situation is peaceful.
So all of these people are basically walking around in there saying,
hey,
this is bullshit with stop.
You know,
let's stop this a horrible injustice.
And we were protesting peacefully and cops come and start smashing windows and
then they say [inaudible] someone smashed.
They send in fucking pocket some RPGs.
Yeah.
Well,
everyone's like,
what the fuck is that guy that wants to set everything on fire now?
They did that with the Patriot Act.
They had to,
they busted a bunch of guys for terrorism and like it turned out like the FBI's
going to these guys who were,
of course they're anti American Muslims,
not that's not shocking and back there and the guy's like,
you know,
coming to them as a somewhat,
he's from,
you know,
whatever Siri or whatever.
And he's saying,
do you guys want to buy some RPGs and blow up the,
they're like,
yeah,
it sounds like boom,
like we got the sale.
You know what I mean?
These guys couldn't,
you know,
they would pull a certain issue.
First Sweatshirt,
I'm down for arresting them as well.
I met a guy in Dallas,
they actually gave him a bomb.
There's that kind of shit is,
it's pretty bad.
Some of it's pretty slick.
It's the chasing their tail,
you know,
like there's,
and no,
they did find a guy that had been involved for a long time in anti American
activities.
He did have the intent to,
he pressed the button.
He,
they gave him a fake bomb and tried to activate it.
So I say fuck him.
I know,
I got no problem with that.
I say
when it comes to that,
I don't like plant and coke on some teenager,
you know,
I mean there's,
there's been situations like that where they talk someone into selling drugs and
it turns out the person who would have never done it,
but it looks like they can get away with it until they go through and then they
arrest the kid.
And he wanted to do in 25 years.
And everybody has been talking to as a cop except for him.
And he's not means that those cops,
DEA agents wind up being junkies,
you know,
that happens a lot.
Dea Guys,
a lot.
You mean,
look,
they're not immune to the pull of the chemicals right there.
So there was a great rolling stone article about a kid who's doing 25 fucking
years and he wanted to,
uh,
he,
he was selling pot in like small amounts to his friends and this guy talked him
into a big coke deal and it was a fake coke deal,
right.
Was a coke deal that he had orchestrated.
The,
the cop talked to him in his fake coke deal.
Boom.
The kid goes away for like 25 plus.
Okay.
The cop turns out to be a junkie,
gets fired from the force for fucking with evidence and he gets disgraced as a
cop and this,
no one just goes back and looks at his cases and goes,
well,
let's find out who he fucked over.
No,
no one thought he was crazy and reckless [inaudible] about when she started
looking at some of these things.
Because once you get,
it's like,
there's a lot of like,
you know,
it's jailhouse.
Snitches pointed them out and they're like,
you know,
they're all,
they've all recanted their test,
you know,
anyway,
it gets,
it gets pretty,
it's disturbing.
It's race stories like that and people don't care.
You know,
they don't care that the someone becomes just a number in a box that's out in
the middle of the field.
The prison box.
Yeah.
Because with the reality also is we have privatized prison systems in this
country and that's the roof.
That's one of the most terrifying things ever that someone can profit off of
people being in just really the,
the,
the union,
the CEO's union is so powerful and they get paid double time.
Yeah.
Every time a prison's overcrowded cheese,
so they support heavily all the three strike laws and all that.
Of course they're profiting.
You know,
if you're a CEO you can make better,
better money.
We have to figure out what is okay to profit on and what is prop it on and we
need people get addicted to that money coming in.
Like,
I'm not saying each cigarettes should be illegal because I don't think you
should be able to do whatever the fuck you want to do.
Of course I liked cigars,
you know,
and I don't,
I don't like cigarettes,
but maybe if I lived in another life I would,
nothing wrong with it.
But when a fucking company is responsible for selling something that absolutely
kills the fuck at a 400,000 people in this country every year,
that country,
bad country owes or that rather than company owes that company on the hook for
they need to be on the hook for the medical.
And they are to a certain extent.
I mean they,
you know,
they,
they have big payouts that they have to do on a regular basis.
But you know,
you want to talk about like people that are something that's preying on society
that is a goddamn vampire.
You know,
I don't care if it's a vampire that's set a motion by personal freedom and
personal choices.
That's still a vampire.
That's a vampire on society.
No,
I mean there's this,
I this corporatization,
this is,
we're getting dangerously close to politics here,
but like,
you know,
it's,
corporations aren't people.
That's a dangerous idea.
Like you're responsible to shareholders.
You're responsible for maximizing profits.
There's not like an ethics there.
You know,
when someone says it's just business,
it's because they're fucking year.
They're fucking diffusion of responsibility.
That's the issue.
That's the only reason they would say that,
you know,
that's all that means is I,
this is my favorite,
my favorite it's business story was when my agent told me that they had a drop
me,
if I wouldn't apologize to Carlson and Sia,
and it's because they had Carlos men Sia with television and with standup,
and they only had me with stand up so that we were making money off him and they
said,
well look,
it's business because he wanted them.
He wanted me to apologize to him or he wanted them to drop me like those.
And I was like,
first of all,
there's,
it's not your choice to them.
I said,
because I won't work with you ever again because you proposed this is the most
disgusting.
And you know,
they're saying,
they said,
listen man,
this is,
this is business.
It's all it is.
It's just business.
I go,
wow,
do you listen to what you're saying?
Right.
I go,
you're,
you're supporting literally a criminal and because you know that you could make
more money off of it.
I go,
you guys are selling art.
That's what you do.
You sell art got a guy who is stealing from the people who create the art that
you sell and you're like,
but he's stealing really well,
so we're going to keep supporting that.
And that's what business is like.
You're in the wrong business because you're in the art business.
You fuck heads,
you're supporting a fucking vampire.
So you know it it.
The beautiful thing about it was that they wound up costing them because first
of all,
men see it leaves them in a year.
Second about Louis C K dumped them immediately,
right?
Louis C,
k p Fuck,
he's the best.
He's he right away.
He was like,
he came up to me at the end.
Provity goes,
is this all true?
They told you the Yoda apologize to him.
I said,
absolutely.
100% he goes,
okay,
fuck them.
And he goes,
I,
I'm firing them.
Right?
Yeah.
I love that guy.
Nick Swardson did the same thing.
Mixed wards.
It was like,
what?
Dude?
It was beautiful.
So two guys didn't the guy that told,
told you that also get fired or quit or something like that?
Awesome.
No,
the guy who he was supporting and went to CNN,
ca.
And then after all this had fell and the dude fell apart.
His fucking,
my former agent is,
I love the guy.
I'll never say his name.
I love him.
Still to this day you want,
I'm sitting next to me on a plane,
one
fucking three hours and shit.
I forget where we're going,
but just randomly sat next to me on this plane and we,
you know,
we talked but I let them know.
I mean I didn't have it.
He used,
he was an employee,
employee's an agent and I was on the phone with the actual owner of the agency
who's like rogue and to play ball,
I'm going to,
I'm going to lay it on the line for Broken Hill.
I,
I don't want to handle it.
Yeah.
I hit him with some,
first of all and they called me.
I was high as fuck.
Okay.
And when I hit him with some,
a heavy,
heavy Karma talk,
I said,
listen man,
I've been to your house.
I go,
you wealthy?
you're a rich guy.
Okay.
I know where you live.
I've been to your other house in Aspen,
right?
Okay,
you're a wealthy man.
You don't need to make this decision.
I go,
this is a terrible decision because you're setting in motion a very real ethic
and that ethic is,
I don't care about what's right.
I don't care about morals.
I don't care.
I care about what I can get away with and if I can support this criminal,
I'm going to do that and I'm going to profit off of that because I'm responsible
for this year who was like a silence on the phone.
I said,
listen very carefully to me cause the decision you make right now is going to be
one step.
It's going to affect pretty much the motion of the rest of your life.
This is who you are.
This is you're that guy.
And I go,
but I'm not doing business with you guys.
If I go,
I'm done.
I go up just because you suggested that to me.
I'm out,
but I wish you well.
And I go on and if I see a,
I'll give you a big hug.
No hurt feelings.
That was just who you are.
This is who you are.
Like this decision is defines you.
This business is that that,
why did you guys drop that bomb?
Why did you guys decide to invade that country?
It's been,
I know,
I know.
And that's why it's like the citizens United man.
It's,
it's afraid.
Frightening idea.
It's a frightening idea of the corporation.
The diffusion of responsibility that comes when you start just thinking of
numbers instead of humans and more Alan also.
Yeah,
like you're saying like no one's responsible.
Like it's,
it's,
it's out in the ether.
Like it's not my decision.
I can't,
I have this thing I have to take care of and will not only die.
That's what gets them bear in the first place.
The reason they have a Ferrari in a house in the Hamptons and all this shit is
because they've maintained this steadfast like loyalty to the numbers.
Right.
You know,
and that's why they're so successful.
So they look at that as proof positive.
They're doing the right thing.
You know,
look at these fucking losers.
I love our $40 million house.
I'm driving my own jet.
So they just feel like they got it right when instead,
what would you know?
First of all,
they all rot from the inside.
It doesn't work out.
All those guys die of cancer of the Dick and asshole.
I mean it's,
I mean,
don't,
this doesn't work out like true.
Never get to enjoy it and like it doesn't,
you fight so hard for it.
You can't ever depressions too much.
The negativities too much.
[inaudible] happy.
They've done a study recently,
I forget where I read this.
I read it yesterday though,
where they're talking about happy people
and they said that the,
the,
the happiest people surround themselves with friends and family do something
they love to do.
It seems all symbol and forgive easily.
Right.
Are Generous and so the onus is on you.
Yeah.
Generous and forgive easily.
Those are fucking,
those two are huge.
That's huge.
Surround yourself with family and friends.
So surround yourself with loved ones.
Huge influx.
You're saying like you see the guy,
you're going to give him a hug.
It's like,
yeah,
it's fine.
Yeah.
Who you are.
You know?
And like I,
and I'm a,
I'm,
I wish it wasn't that guy and he's probably not that guy anymore.
I'm sure he's learned from that.
You know,
we,
he and I had a conversation on the plane and I just said,
I go,
it's,
sorry,
I don't care.
You know,
it's no big deal,
man.
I,
we had a great time together.
You and I,
you know,
and he said,
listen,
this is what they were,
that was,
they were forcing me to do that.
And I was supporting my colleague who was the guy who,
who was the agent of this kid.
Right.
You know,
so he was,
he's fucked himself.
And I,
I hope that,
you know,
he learned from that.
But you know,
when you work in for somebody,
man,
that's a different ballgame.
When you work in for the guy and the boss gets on the phone with you and says,
this is the game plan.
Okay,
here we go.
And like,
Ugh,
no moral,
it sounds awful,
but you know,
you,
you got a mortgage,
you know,
you gotta fucking Nice Mercedes.
Yeah.
It's not always easy,
you know,
it's fucking terrible.
The diffusion of responsibility that comes from the corporation is that the
corporation acts as a,
an entity that's trying to protect profits and ensure more profits.
And you're just a part of that,
you know?
Well,
look,
uh,
you know,
hate to say it,
but I'm in repossessions.
Yeah,
yeah.
Oh,
you're living for the weekend and know you're living for your little hobby and
trying to fuck that,
huh?
Yeah.
Well,
but not everybody can be a writer.
So lucky for us.
I mean,
me and Brian talk about that all the time.
Not everybody can be doing a podcast.
Nobody,
everybody be doing standup.
Not everybody can know it ain't,
there's not enough jobs like that out there.
Yeah.
I know.
It's funny too that like that's a lot of that like self help talk to,
it's like,
it's like everyone can do it.
You just get to know yourself and you can make what job you want and you're
like,
not everyone can be,
you know,
the guy from entourage,
you know what I mean?
Like,
and be rolling in it.
You know,
I think a lot of,
you know,
there's a lot of people I know who think that that's going to happen and that's
their,
that's their plan.
Do you remember when the secret came out where everybody was convinced that they
had the fucking new path?
So my mom just,
she's like,
this is like the secret.
Oh No,
he,
of course it's a long story,
but it was,
but it was just hilarious that she's like 15 years behind the curve on that.
Oh,
she just heard him back.
She's like,
oh,
that's so interesting.
I saw this thing on Netflix,
a friend of mine from the comedy store,
very nice person.
She was like,
I'm one of the friends of the waitresses.
And she would come by,
she was like one of those people that would come by on a regular basis and loved
comedy.
And I remember,
I didn't know heart to tell her any differently than she was.
She's always been real friendly.
And we were in the back of the comedy store.
She's friends to Kelly,
Kirsten,
I think Carson show a friend and this girl goes,
um,
I am happier than I've ever been.
And I know that within one year I'm going to be married and a year after that
I'm going to have a child and she starts like saying all this stuff.
And I'm like,
what?
What's going on?
Like,
what the fuck is going on?
Like what are you saying?
Just put it on her and then she just goes,
she goes,
well what happened is I discovered the secret and I've completely changed my
life.
And she was totally serious.
Yeah.
And so I tried to figure out,
cause I,
you know,
was there a way to help your situation?
That's what's something you could say that would help and not,
well it's,
I'm the worst for that shit cause I'm like,
that's fucking retarded.
Especially back.
Can't go hard.
Yeah.
You got to go,
Hey,
I would handle it much better than I did back then.
But even back then I wouldn't handle it bad with her because she was a very nice
person.
So I would go,
oh yeah.
Instead of like saying anything constructive that might steer her in the right
direction.
Right.
The real problem with anything like the secret is that you're only interviewing
the winters,
United interviewing the people that had this idea,
I'm going to be a rocket scientist and I'm going to go to the Mars Bitch.
He ain't gone tomorrow.
Whereas no one going to Mars,
you're fucking,
you could think you're going to Mars all day long.
The technology doesn't exist.
You can't say,
I'm going to start the first fucking stellar colony on Mars.
You're not going to do it.
It's not going to happen.
It's like the,
the shipwrecks that like,
yeah,
prayer works because I prayed and I'm alive.
Well,
we didn't interview all the guys who paid and die make it.
We've got bitten by spiders at night and fucking died.
Horrible deaths.
There's a great book called bright sided by Barbara Ehrenreich,
which is about the positive thinking movement in America cause she had cancer,
she had breast cancer and she started doing those things and they're like,
you know,
you're not,
you're not happy enough.
You're like,
you're not thinking positively about your cancer.
And she's like,
oh,
he's great writer by the way,
Barbara Ehrenreich.
And uh,
so she went into the history and stuff and it was interesting as it comes,
there is like a little tiny bit of medical shred.
So in like the nine just of the industrial revolution,
there was something called Melancholia,
right?
Where people were getting depressed,
mostly stay at home moms and older people because the world was moving so fast,
like with industry cars and whatever,
they felt like they didn't belong and they got really depressed and positive
thinking work for them.
Like so there is like this little germ of like a medical fact of that positive
thinking worked in this one instance.
But then it's become this,
you know,
this incredible thing where
it's very hard to define whether or not someone's playing by the positive
thinking goes.
So if you say that,
you know,
positive thinking is not working,
he said,
well what exactly we were just talking about,
right?
We were talking about with Randek into it,
like in the whole,
you know,
and,
and fighting.
No,
there's,
when you're doing stuff,
that's when it's,
when it's making you active,
then it can work.
But when it's,
when you're just relying on,
that's the key,
right?
Lotion doing things.
And that's what people don't like to do,
but people don't like to do as a difficult thing.
So they,
like they say the definition of insanity,
right.
Is like to doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different
results.
You know,
the year you hear it all the time,
let me do
that.
Some of that in my life.
That's how does I
think beds,
part of being a creative and impulsive person too.
You know,
impulsive people have like weird patterns,
right?
And fall into like me,
like I'll say like,
okay,
I gotta go to sleep.
It's fucking two o'clock in the morning.
I got to stop clicking on links.
I've got to go to bed.
And I walked by the pool table and I go,
you know what,
let me just fucking run a couple of racks here and next thing you know,
it's four 30 in,
the sun's coming up and I'm still playing pool.
You know,
it's interesting.
I get,
I just get a little something going on.
Crazy little drive crazy.
I'm crazy.
I have to regulate things,
keep myself from doing certain things.
Like I can't,
I don't allow myself to play in pool tournaments,
but like once every couple of months I'll play in one because I don't want to
get obsessed and then start like thinking about Joan and the pro tour,
fucking containing,
practicing eight hours a day.
Cause I really will do that.
I,
and then I don't know who I am and then I get crazy.
No,
that's tough.
It's identity and all that.
That's a tricky one.
Well it's,
it's an obsession.
It's handling and managing obsession.
You know?
That's like one of the most difficult things I think that people find,
you know,
so everybody does that.
Everybody fucking expects.
Yeah,
we're all crazy.
To a certain point.
It's like trying to enjoy it and manage it at the same time.
That's like the big,
the big key.
Trying to enjoy the whole process of life.
Well it's like you say like being quick to forgive.
You know?
I find when I think about people,
people who handle bitterness in their lives well are the people that are happy.
You know,
it's like,
because it's so easy to be bitter about,
you know,
when you're a kid or when you thought you were going to have everything or you
thought you were going to be president or you thought this,
you deserve this and this and you don't always get what you think you deserve.
And the people that can kind of move on are the happy people that I know.
And there's people that haven't moved on for what they thought they deserved it
at 25 or 30 people that get crushed by a breakup in a relationship and they
never recover.
They just,
everybody's so it's women are cunts.
You know,
you ever met that guy and he say,
oh,
we're going to throw those boons row console just when James,
you,
and then it was like,
no dude,
they just,
they're not in the you.
Yeah,
you had a hard time.
So goddamn person,
no one deserves that.
People like them.
You have to work at it.
It's that easy.
There's a reason why people develop fun personalities like people to like them.
I hate that movie that the writers like the Nerd,
right?
So he writes like the hot really hot girl falls for the NERC cause she sees him
for who he really is.
Like that's such good,
like no buddy clubs you for who you really are.
Like it's,
you have to,
you have to try to be a good person.
You know,
you'd have to create a good person and then be it and then people will like you.
You know what I mean?
Remember that stupid movie as good as it gets with Jack Nicholson,
he's a racist and he's,
he's a boy.
He's crazy.
He's like an OCD or when she's a single mom and he's just doing,
and you know,
that movie drove me fucking crazy.
It made me angry because first of all,
it was like a real stupid way of dealing with it.
They forgave him a pill.
The pill is a pill.
Gonna fucking cure racism.
That is,
yeah.
It's one of the dumbest things I've ever heard in my life.
There is a pill that cures racism.
Joe.
Really exercise.
My friends are all doing it,
you know,
that they're worried.
They're working on um,
uh,
proposing a legality of Mtma in Vancouver.
Apparently.
MDN first of all,
Vancouver system.
It is a wonderful place.
It is the shit.
It's a city for adults is what it is.
The bathrooms are clean.
Like it's a nice city.
I was talking to Mrs Rogan,
I said,
if we ever left the country,
if we had to have to free fully,
that's what we would go to Vancouver every time we go there.
And I'm like,
we should maybe look at running north Vancouver like in the island,
sign up,
find something because you're in the deep woods and then awesome downtown five,
10 minutes away.
And people are nice.
You know,
it's,
it's like the number one city in the world.
They've like three or four times.
It's warm and you're right.
It's because it's at least half of that is because of the setting to setting a
spec makes everyone feel good.
It does.
I,
that's,
that's so important.
That's one of the reasons why winter time and Boston is so goddamn depressing.
Let's fucking gray skies and England
and everybody talks like this pack packing fucking food into their fat face just
to try to stay warm.
You gotta do it.
When people do develop a layer of fat,
it's hard.
Finding skinny checks in the winter and post went off to college at Boston is
terrible.
Yeah he did.
He went to Cambridge at Harvard
and the tea and then go going to Lansdowne and looking for a cute girl and
Boston is good luck and there the few you find are off their rocker rocker cause
because there was so much get away with it.
One of the best things that ever happened to me was one of my first girlfriends
in high school was a total slut.
She was just completely broken.
Well it was good because it lowered my expectations about girls not cheating.
Oh Wow.
It's so crazy.
She cheated on me with one of my friends in front of my fucking house,
Catholic school,
the whole deal.
Just completely daddy attention issues and hot as fuck.
Like an aberration.
Her sister,
not that attractive.
Her older sister,
not that attracted her off the charts.
So she was just completely crazy.
She had the Willy Wonka golden ticket.
Yeah,
exactly.
People don't believe what I tell.
Tell them then.
It's hard finding a pretty girl in Boston.
It's tough action.
It is.
It's like your friends would cry themselves to sleep every night in New York is
filled with pretty weird.
Yeah,
it's weird.
Yeah.
Mill filled with pretty model's pretty regular girls and they got,
you know,
even if they're not that pretty,
they've got something going on.
They intelligent a little fashion labor.
Would you live there in New York?
Yeah,
absolutely.
Would you take your family there?
Yeah.
I mean,
you know,
I'm from the country I'm from.
I'm not like a sit comfortable in the city,
but I don't.
I have a three year old son now,
three,
almost four and I'm like,
I don't love the idea of growing up and being like a New Yorker or particularly
on Angel Layer.
The minute he looks,
he's like,
no,
Dad,
I'm going to be a skateboarder that's going to have worked out for Tony Hawk.
Right.
I'm sure he's from the Midwest or something.
I don't know.
Where is he from?
Another,
he's got a great work ethic.
Yes,
you do.
You really mean how many Angelenos you don't have a great work ethic.
I know.
It was like to maybe Eddie Bravo,
believe it or not.
He's an Angeleno.
He gets a lot done.
So there you go.
There you go.
There's people everywhere you could develop org.
No,
I know.
And that's,
I think you're talking about raising kids.
I think that's the only thing you can do for a kid is give them a work ethic.
Because if they like to work,
give him more accounts.
They smart or not,
he's going to be fine.
He likes to work.
Here's my little dump.
Ditch digger.
He's going to be fine.
Yeah,
no,
but I mean,
that's all you can really do.
I mean,
yeah,
I guess in a way that is,
uh,
that's one of the few things he can do.
I mean he treated him to be nice to people,
treated him,
to teach him and explain to them,
you know,
how your philosophy on life and and uh,
it's not easy and then easy to raise human beings and that girl raise him and in
this environment and this world,
you know,
this world is ever changing.
We were just talking about this the other day that like how many people in La
Roofie people,
is it like one at a 10 is one out of 10 dudes out there trying to roofie chicks.
Are you serious?
I just try many stories of girls getting roofied so many stories.
It's friends of friends.
It's one of the,
that doesn't make any sense to me.
I think it's more just drunk girls that I can't do it.
No,
no,
no dude,
girls are getting roofied girls getting proofread for sure.
It's happening on a regular basis from that.
Misdefined cause like what's hot about that?
Like you want to bang,
this is nothing hot about it.
It's like look,
here's what happens to some dudes.
It's a horrible,
it's disgusting.
It's absolutely gross.
But what happens is some dudes is that they get rejected by girls all their life
and so they're stupid and they're self centered.
So they associate this girl with making them feel bad.
I could get back at her.
I could get back.
Power.
Yeah.
That girl,
the way she looks at you.
The fucking bitch won't even look at me.
She won't even talk to me.
Fucking bitch.
And then he dropped something in her drink and all of a sudden you're sticking
your dick inside of her.
Yeah.
Bitch.
Bitch didn't even know this was coming.
This sounds a little too detailed,
Jo.
She throws up
Joe.
Wait,
wait.
It sounds like you've been talking,
judge me,
man.
You know,
I mean,
I think it's just a lot of idiots out there and that's up for,
first of all,
it's a terrible position to be in because attractive women have an undeniable
quality about them.
This is an undeniable magnetism.
It's really frightening.
You know,
that's like you have daughters,
right?
Like it's tough if you have a,
you mean if your daughters grow up to be really beautiful,
like that's not an easy thing.
It's tough,
which is we're going to take you serious.
Well,
it's,
it's not easy for them,
but it's easy.
It's easy to find men that want to fuck you,
that's for sure.
Oh,
you're never going to go hungry.
But it's easy to find people that want that are at you.
Because when you're,
when you're like a guy that has no chance,
you're ugly dude or your,
you know,
whatever the fuck is wrong with you,
right?
You have no chance of getting a beautiful girl.
Like that beautiful girl becomes like some sort of an unattainable kind of a
crazy Narnia,
like a human Narnia with serial killers do,
right.
You'd be objectified and it becomes this thing.
Well,
it's like,
you know,
the reason why people snap and they go crazy because they had been bullied the
whole life as because they associate bullies with this horrible negative
feeling.
You know,
a pretty woman is not bullying you by not fucking you,
but it still can be a negative constant reinforcement binder right there.
Particularly if you've got other issues,
you know,
chemical imbalance and hence roofie let's do it.
That's fucking bad.
Can it be?
We have to figure out a way to,
to really,
uh,
join people together with some sense of community even though was just a giant
number of us.
Even those 300 million of us or 7 billion,
if you count the whole planet,
we have to figure out a way to somehow or another not have progress based on
other people getting fucked over.
Yeah.
I don't know how the hell that's all I know there is this like the US and them
and it's like,
no,
that's just us.
That's all they like.
And it's such a prevalent style of thinking and it's,
it's very,
uh,
it's responsible for a lot of progress though cause it's responsible for the,
the drive to push forward is a lot of,
is based on competitive instincts.
There's this great book,
uh,
you knew Eo Wilson is,
he's a,
he's a famous sort of famous professor of bugs like entomologist or whatever.
And he wrote,
he writes also about human evolution.
He wrote a book called the social conquest of earth is his new book.
And it's all about the social side,
you know,
like that,
that um,
groups competing,
right?
So there's,
you know,
we're all,
they used to,
they used to think there was a,
an altruistic gene,
like part of your genetic makeup made you want to help other people,
even if it hurt you.
And what they think now is that's not the case.
It's more,
it's kind of like a subtle distinction,
but it's kind of more just that groups,
there's select,
there's,
there's natural selection pressure on a group as well as on the individual.
So like,
you know,
for you by herself in a group,
like the more selfish you are,
the better you're going to do.
But if for our whole group is made up of selfish dudes,
that group,
that's not,
it's going to kick our ass.
Right?
So there's this competition of these two genetic,
it's an interesting,
you know,
he's,
and he's a super amped guy.
You have to have a place of prosperity and surplus before you start feeling
generous.
You know,
that's the problem with a lot of people.
Even some people are never happy like the Hamptons dudes.
It's like,
yeah,
you know,
my house is worth 40 but the guy down the street,
89 million,
can you believe it?
One acres is son of a board is not enough.
Yeah.
And you,
you can,
you know,
the know that you get in that habit and it's,
that's why they can't enjoy it.
You know,
they,
it's not,
it's,
they're not satisfied and never,
you'd never have enough.
You never,
yeah,
I'm satisfied.
Like I,
there's businessmen then I can think of,
and that you can think of that like didn't sound enough.
They got six Ferrari's and they got everything they wanted and it's not enough.
Well,
it's part of the game for them as acquiring the numbers.
That's what's fun.
They love being a winner and they still don't feel like,
you know,
in their heart that they are a winner.
You know,
like that's the,
well,
they probably,
they do are lacking some really intense experiences in whether it's a emotional
experiences,
psychedelic experiences.
I'm telling you,
man,
you know what,
um,
talking about psychedelic experiences,
my wife has been really into this because her grandparents are dying.
Like they're in their nineties and apparently mushrooms for elderly people,
one trip increases their standard of living for a whole year because it just
like
frees them up a little bit from like the bind of their own body or whatever
reason.
Well,
the,
the idea is that it calms them and they don't worry about dying anymore.
It has like a huge,
uh,
affect positive.
They're positive effect
dawn on,
on their,
their mindset,
which I love.
They idea of that.
Yeah.
Well I think it,
it brings you to some sort of a divine state of mind that may or may not be
real.
It might just be euphoria.
I mean,
there's so many unanswered questions about what it doesn't matter.
No,
it doesn't matter.
But it might be real as well.
Yes.
You don't know what the fuck life,
you know,
your perspective and your,
I mean psychedelics from,
I haven't done a lot of it.
I've done it a dozen times or whatever,
but hugely important in terms of my understanding of the world,
you know?
And I think,
you know,
you need to,
it's funny,
I always think about,
I do it with my hand because like you meet,
I would meet these Germans in Europe and they play chess and then they're like,
they're Germans,
right?
So it's like this,
everything's like this.
I'm like,
no,
you got,
you have to run like this.
You want to be a little bit,
just look,
look at it a little more,
you know?
And then when you,
if you do too much,
too much acid or whatever,
he started to get a little,
you can't quite keep it in at all.
You know what I mean?
It's a little too frazzled,
but uh,
well what do you mean by cause for folks at home that are listening,
this alone,
you're doing like you have blinders on when you're talking about Germans.
Then you spread your hands up when you're talking about looking at chess.
Creative.
Yeah,
yeah.
Just casting your net really wide.
And I think,
you know,
being this book Jonah Lehrer just wrote called imagine,
which is all about imagination.
It's like things that help you focus like chemicals,
like Ritalin and stuff.
Actually hamper your creativity because you need to be accessing distant deep
parts of your brain.
So like Adderall would hamper your creating anything like that.
Coffee Hampers your creativity.
It helps you concentrate,
it helps you work,
it helps you focus.
Uh,
but just in terms of like being innovative,
um,
that's why when you're falling asleep or taking a shower or relaxing or driving,
we were kind of half distracting your,
your focus mind is when you're,
you're,
the system is still running and it's picking out these very strange,
oh,
I should use fishing line for that problem.
You know what I mean?
It's,
it's like they and travel,
like they find like immigrants hold a lot more patents per capita,
whatever it is,
you know,
because they,
they,
when you're in a new place,
you're forced to think differently.
And there's a website called [inaudible].
Anyway,
it's a cool book is theirs,
but it's about this kind of crowd sourcing and,
uh,
that,
that your imagination really comes from broad thinking,
not narrow thinking.
Well,
uh,
I know the writers on news radio,
one of things that you should do to
inspire themselves to stay up all night and then they went and start writing
until like four o'clock in the morning when they're all half awake and you would
write the,
they would write the most silly and funny shit that way.
Right.
You know,
there's,
and that's,
you know what really interesting.
Yeah.
A lot of people do that.
They write when they're sleep deprived.
Right.
I thought I'd do that.
Yeah.
And they think that,
well,
I think it's comedy writing comedy is like a silly thing.
Kind of like you're casting for funny,
funny,
funny links like,
yeah.
And this,
this,
and this is funny,
you know,
sometimes when you're doing something and like,
especially when you're traveling and you were the friend and you're both
exhausted and you just start being just completely retarded.
And that's one of the best things about comedians.
It's like,
we'll be up the front slide it like six o'clock in the morning.
He'd be like,
shut up bitch.
Yeah.
We'll come up with a stupid shit to say to each other.
I mean that's half the fun of traveling,
you know?
No,
I know.
I miss it.
Yeah.
Being exhausted for whatever reason,
it just deactivates certain areas of the motherland and activates others.
The unconscious,
the ability to just let thoughts come instead of like direct Iraqi dreaming
director if you can kind of control your daydreaming.
Not like just space out.
But that was another thing he talks about.
It's a cool book but it's,
it's uh,
yeah,
there's so does it have like,
um,
methodologies and it has like big picture stuff like Pixar studies and these
Kemp,
these companies that like they couldn't solve these engineering problems so they
put them on the,
on the web site called incentive and they have cash prizes and there are solved
like within weeks of course,
because it's like solved by like,
you know,
a botanist from Sweden who you would never hire,
you would never consult,
but he's got an easy way to do it with like seeds that pull carbon from,
you know what I mean?
It's like just that crowdsourcing mine stuff.
It's kind of cool.
Well,
I love doing that and I do that all the time.
I did that recently on my message board.
I have a powerful tool,
man.
My message board is filled with some fucking brilliant motherfuckers.
The Internet and means in comedy.
Like can someone,
right like something.
I mean,
I think it's so funny.
I find means to be genius.
You know,
there's some,
oh yeah,
I'd love the crap things.
I love the Georgia,
by the way.
Giorgio sucralose.
Next Tuesday.
He's coming on next Tuesday,
another noon one.
Brian,
you're going to be okay.
Don't go crazy on Monday night and stay up till seven o'clock in the morning.
You can do it.
You've gotta be here at noon next Tuesday.
Um,
but Giorgio is the guy from,
uh,
ancient aliens with the crazy hair.
I'm not saying it was aliens,
but it's that dude.
It's so funny.
Yeah.
That's like you've seen them.
Those are all huge.
He is a source for my,
I mean,
it really is.
I had a lot of my personal humor that I can't ever,
you.
Yeah.
Oh,
me too.
My wife showed me when my right.
She,
she finds him on the Internet and then save some for me.
But one of them says,
beware of the dog also,
that cat a shady as fuck.
Also that cat is shady as fuck.
I want,
I want that.
And then my house,
you know?
No,
I mean,
I loved them all,
man.
I mean,
not all of a sudden a lot of them aren't funny,
but there are,
there's just some
diamonds out there.
Well,
there's also an,
it's sort of a new style of humor.
What,
well,
one of the ways I met Brian,
I mean,
Brian is,
he doesn't do it enough,
but he,
he's uh,
he's brilliant at editing videos,
making like really funny,
silly videos and putting them on the Internet.
And if you stop to think about it before the Internet,
that doesn't mean that didn't exist.
There was no individual funny videos that were five minutes long and the people
would make on something that just happened yesterday.
You know what I mean?
That is a really unique sort of,
uh,
humor tool for the Internet.
You know,
that,
those,
those photos,
memes,
you know?
Yeah.
A little videos,
things along those lines.
They didn't,
you know,
didn't exist.
Fucking podcast didn't exist yet.
This,
this show is weird as it is.
Would have never existed.
You can never,
yeah,
the radios.
Radios.
Yeah.
When are you gonna do ads?
Who's going to advertise?
Nobody.
Mushroom.
Fleshlight fleshlight from China.
So are you allowed to talk about your new book at all?
I knew I'll just say I got it.
I mean just,
it's coming out in January,
so I'll hopefully be back to do a real press tour with you and,
Oh,
100% yeah,
we'll do a big doubt.
I want to get Joe to blurb it if he likes it.
If he doesn't like it,
that's fine.
You know,
I'm going to like it.
That's fine.
Joe,
I want to talk to you about what you did though.
You can't talk about what you did.
Let's just,
what kind of a secrecy is this?
Sam Sheridan.
This is craziness.
Yeah,
I can talk about what I did.
So it's a story.
It's the book's about surviving the end of the world and what is it?
The working title is called real title.
This is a disaster diaries.
Um,
and why is this a secret?
Right?
It's not really a secret,
but it's like they don't,
they just this,
I'm just,
I'm an idiot and basically like I do what they tell me.
But here's the weird thing about owning being a writer,
you know,
you don't really own,
they buy it from you and then you kind of facilitate that,
you know?
So it's like I'm consult on the cover.
For instance,
if I hate the cover,
like tough shit.
Well they're not going to make me go with a cover that makes me cry every time I
see it.
But we had a little battle.
I mean,
I liked his cover now,
but
gave back my money.
I had a book deal.
I gave back the money because I didn't want to have the conversation.
I was like,
I would send them in stuff and they'd be like,
this is too weird.
This is to this,
that,
okay,
I can be like this.
We can't work out.
Like you guys don't understand my fans.
Like when I'm writing,
hold on,
what I'm writing about my own personal philosophy and how I handled the world.
Like you can't tell me that's weird.
You know it's also,
yeah,
I mean you're,
you don't,
that's the thing,
like nobody understands your fan base like you do.
And I had the same issue,
like when I was writing the MMA stuff,
they're like,
oh,
those guys don't buy books.
You're like,
these guys are designing gum for a serious conversation about,
you know,
fighting and,
and what it means.
And folks listening to this,
Sam has two of the best books ever written on MMA and in fighting and combat
sports period.
One of them is the first one he wrote called a fighter's
heart.
And the new one is called the fighter's mind.
Both of them are outstanding and both of them are so detailed and documented and
you know,
and so honest about your approach.
And you know,
I watched the documentary that you did where you,
you spent some real time in a,
in a Moitai training camp and you know,
and you,
you had that fight,
which was a fucking crazy fight with that Japanese dude.
Who's the Guy Missing Hacker,
right?
Full body tattoos and the full,
the guy's foot Donnelly that Sam had been training for.
How long?
Like,
I don't know,
four months.
Four months.
This guy was a bad motherfucker.
This guy was,
he was a total sandbagger.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
He was a heavyweight karate champ.
Yeah.
Which he told me like two days before the fight,
but he never fought more time.
But he was at western Osaka headway crown.
It was,
it's so ridiculous.
But you kicked his ass.
Yeah.
He wasn't ready.
You know,
he wasn't a tape.
What time in is so conditioning.
Yeah.
If you're not in shape,
don't you too?
If you took a heavy fucking right hand.
Yeah.
I ate some shit on that one.
It's different.
The air.
But you got up while I was in amazing shape.
I mean,
I was retired.
I was training twice a day and do an eight mile run in the morning with like the
top [inaudible] guys and you know,
that's your conditioning gets,
it's the kind of thing where it's so advanced that like I went into town and I
had a beer one beer and it set me back three weeks and my conditioning,
because you can measure how many pad rounds you can get through.
Like I'm getting through six hard pad rounds,
you know what I mean?
Or through eight I'm feeling pretty good.
And I actually,
it was like,
you know,
you become so fine tuned.
That's amazing.
Yeah,
it's weird.
I mean I was a little old too.
I was like 26 at the time.
What made you decide to do that?
What was that about?
I mean,
you know,
everybody has this,
we all watch Bruce Lee and we all,
you know what I mean?
Didn't we all,
I mean who didn't want to be an engine and a,
I was sailing around the world and working in Australia and I had boxed a little
in college,
um,
when I was like smoking and drinking and you know,
it was a terrible boxer.
But,
uh,
I wanted to try,
I wanted to get away from the partying that I was doing cause sailing's a pretty
hard drink in sport and um,
you know,
it seemed like a good idea at the time.
You know,
it's funny,
I did the daily show and it was,
I'd never done any press before ever.
That was my first press and no one had told me how to do press,
which is like,
you got to stay on message,
right?
Like don't worry about what they ask you.
You're going to say two things,
you know what I mean?
I didn't know that.
Tell you to do that.
Yeah.
Well,
if you have a message,
try to get it out.
You know what I mean?
That's like,
yeah,
cause you only have a minute,
right.
Or whatever.
Those things suck.
That's why you should only do podcasts.
Yeah.
I know,
well yeah,
the time at the time.
But John Stewart goes,
so why did you do it?
And I was like,
uh,
it seems like a good idea at the time,
Matt.
The smoothest,
but that's the most honest.
I mean,
any impulsive,
crazy thought than I've ever done.
It's like,
you know,
it's like,
well,
let's fucking chance see what this is going to be like getting tattoos.
Fuck.
Exactly.
Moving to Colorado fucking whatever.
Going hunting in where it's like fuck it.
Right?
Yeah.
Life has to be a series of those fucking things.
He never learned anything good.
Dammit.
Do you gotta do it?
I have a whole thing.
I have a whole bid on like nihilism and fucking and what,
where that comes from and,
and uh,
you know,
I think there's like know I make it sound classics.
I throw in some Kafka quotes and stuff like that,
but there definitely is like this,
like this plunge towards like self destruction where you're like,
fucking,
I don't care what happens.
And not many women will get on that train.
Yeah.
What's going to happen when the apocalypse comes and women and gonna fucking
toughen up and then
killing animals.
The first thing I'm doing is shaving my head going low and it's like,
yeah,
it's right.
That's when the apocalypse comes.
The first thing she's gonna do a shave her head going,
I'm going to your house too.
I'm going to live right after it.
Get after it.
I'm high.
Great spot.
Good spot.
Well offensible up there.
You've got water.
Yeah.
Yeah,
but I want to be even further away.
I mean I lived in the woods for a while and I really liked it.
I lived in Colorado for like four months,
but I really liked the idea that if the shit went down,
first of all,
I haven't well too,
there's deer everywhere.
Like yeah,
I like that.
Like I've been watching the show mountain men,
you ever watch it?
And new show history channel.
Good fucking show.
And it's all about these dudes that are living in like one guy's living in
Alaska,
he has to fly in with a,
with a plane to his lies everywhere.
Like two is trapping cabin 40 below.
Outside.
Yeah.
And so he lives there for several months in the winter and then he flies back to
his family.
That's how he makes his living.
And he fucking has to collect furs and shit.
And then another dude is living in Montana.
They have another dude in North Carolina and they follow these guys as they're
trying to like prepare for winter and they're self set up and they're all
completely self sufficient.
And it's sort of fairly near guns.
I mean,
you know,
obviously I know you have your own supplies and stuff.
Yeah.
They get supplies,
but you know,
they're essentially live in their home doing it.
There were no grocery stores.
No.
And they got the skills and they got the know how.
And that's the fun of like all that,
you know.
Yeah.
I love,
I mean,
I would,
if I had my choice,
I would live somewhere in British Columbia that's accessible by boat,
you know,
that's where I would like to live,
along that coast somewhere up there.
The problem is you live in with some fucking crazy survivor type people.
Yeah.
But they're like a thousand miles away,
you know what I mean?
Do you just want to live in an area that's like rural but has access to us?
Well,
you know,
unfortunately my wife and you know,
she needs to be around the city a little bit and,
and uh,
you know,
I,
it's,
I like to be around people.
I do,
you know,
it's,
I like to do both,
but I,
you know,
I miss the deep,
deep woods.
Well,
this piece out there that we don't realize how many signals are in the air,
whether it's fucking radio signals or cell phone signals from the barn of the
city.
I don't mean people can say all day that that doesn't affect you,
but there's a weird feeling that you get when you're in the top of a mountain
and you're standing out there and you hear nothing and you see a bird fly by and
you hear nothing.
It's like,
Whoa,
what did I feel like?
I feel light.
I feel like there's a weight off of me.
And I think part of that is the hum of the fucking city.
The massive millions and millions of conscious minds that are all operating in
this one area.
We,
even if it's just the numbers of people on the highway,
the car's rolling,
the exhaust fumes away from all that.
I feel like that's a rare thing.
You don't,
you don't get that very often.
And when you do get it,
you,
you really sort of as,
especially as I get older,
I appreciate it more and more.
It's incredibly healthy.
I think,
you know,
it is,
again,
going back to what,
you know,
being in your natural state.
I mean,
I'm not,
I don't,
you know,
I don't want to,
I wouldn't want to do it forever.
Right.
I like that.
You know,
I love New York.
I love going to New York.
You know,
it's,
I love the restaurant.
Oh my God,
I love being able to get a hot shower.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill a man for a hot.
But you know,
it's,
it is so good for you to be,
and that's one thing,
you know,
I lived on sailboats for like three or four years and it was amazing because you
really do become isolated because you know,
it's three quarters of the earth's surface and not a lot is going on out there,
you know,
and you really get away on a sailboat.
Even going on a really well known route,
you'll see a boats for the first couple hours and then you won't see anybody for
15 days until you're coming in the last hundred miles.
Dude,
you've lived a fucking crazy life man.
You went open ocean,
sail boating for years.
I worked on boats,
I was a first mate type and uh,
did some charter work in the Caribbean and then we took this boat around to um,
through the canal,
across the Pacific to sail boats or work too,
right?
Yeah.
I mean,
you know,
yeah,
yeah.
I was getting paid.
It was work.
Know what I mean?
Like it's difficult doing that also because you know it's,
you know,
she can break dude and like I can look at an engine like oh no,
but some sales she's like,
oh yeah,
we can still that shit up or put a rope here and make something work.
And I guess that's a way to look at it.
And like I would like for the end of the world much rather be in a sailboat than
the motor book because you run out of gas,
right.
Fucking row in that thing.
That's true.
Well it's the ultimate old school way to travel.
And you think like a manual transmissions.
Old School,
right?
Yeah.
The joke is it's the slowest,
most expensive and least comfortable way to travel.
Yeah.
My parents lived on a sailboat.
They just decided to take a,
they took about almost two years on that life.
Lived down in The Bahamas.
Sure.
And the keys and just bought a sailboat.
You go visit,
traveled around.
They actually came up here.
They didn't ever went down to the bone.
Never got on the boat.
Yeah,
I did.
I did a little of that too.
It was weird.
It was strange.
You get used to it and it's also,
you know,
with your parents maybe,
but it's,
you know,
well,
I was just like these crazy characters.
You guys,
you guys are living on this little tiny boat.
My mom was like totally not digging and after a while she was anyway at first,
but after a while.
So yeah,
it's a very small space.
Still have all your stuff.
You don't get away from people across the Indian Ocean with my buddy and his
girlfriend.
And they were like,
they were,
he was British and she was French and they were fighting and that's like six
months they were fighting in the boat and you know,
we didn't see each other much because you're sleeping in shifts.
You actually don't deal with anybody that much.
But uh,
yeah,
it's
small.
I mean,
it was a 30 just the ones,
French ones,
English,
you know what I mean?
They're funny about everything.
Outlook on life is completely different,
but wow.
That's what you did that for three years.
Ah,
yeah.
Off and on.
And was just another thing that you said.
Well,
I'm just going to go looking for adventure.
This was one of those things where I got offered the job and I was like,
I can't turn this down.
I was actually going to do the military and somebody's eye through a connection
of,
I was,
this guy offered me a job fixing his boat up and he's like,
I want to sit on around the world.
I want to pay you.
I was like,
I gotta do that,
you know?
I can't if I said no to this,
it's never going to happen again.
You know?
And this way you didn't have to do it anywhere where you're worried about
pirates.
Yeah.
No,
not really.
I mean there,
there is piracy and it certainly has actually gotten worse,
but you go around it like if you go through the Gulf by small,
yeah.
That's where it's really bad.
And then Indonesia,
there's some in Brazil there's some,
but you know,
yeah,
I don't wear it,
but you know,
you don't worry about that shit.
It's like being in Brazil,
like people get real.
Yeah.
I mean a lot of people get ripped off,
but it's,
you got to know where to go and good luck,
bad luck can happen to you and you can be the soccer stadium and eat it,
you know?
And it's just a little more lighter.
Can fall in your fucking hat right here.
Get hit by a bus right here so you can go right through that.
Some crazy messed up bus driver happened.
Some fucking dude on bath salts,
Sam,
Joe,
Brian Sitting in heaven like damn it dude.
Damn motherfucker wasn't what I was expecting at all.
We're just going to finish this podcast stuff from us.
Not how I thought it was going to go.
Yeah.
So,
um,
when you write a book like this,
a disaster diaries,
how much time do you spend doing research and preparing for it and like what is
the,
what's the process of uh,
research?
You know,
I read a ton and then you have to go do stuff partly for,
you know,
just to give the book some action,
if it was just research,
it's boring.
Right.
And then partly because,
I mean really this is all just an excuse for me to do fun shit.
It's not really about the book.
Yeah.
So it's so it's,
well,
it's both.
It's a passion as well,
right.
Learning and there's like,
you know,
lists of things that I want to do and this was a way for me to check off a bunch
of them.
And uh,
yeah,
I spent probably about three years total.
Wow.
And you know,
some take longer,
some are shorter.
The fighter's mind was more of a pure sports books.
So that was more like interviews and essays and research.
So that I didn't about a year that I turned right around the fighter's mind.
The second book,
well,
the other books were longer.
Has this idea of writing a survivalist book,
has this made you think about your preparation for like,
like have you thought about like getting a place out in the middle of the
mountains or something like that?
Sure.
Yeah.
No,
I like the kind of,
the bottom line I went with was like,
there's so many ways it could happen.
Um,
do you ever read the Black Swan or decline over time?
By Brian told me about it.
I haven't read it yet.
It's cool.
But it's like,
the idea is like,
you just don't know what's going to happen.
What if it's fucking aliens?
You know what if it's,
if it's sky net,
you know,
you're in Montana,
most of the minuteman sites are in Montana.
There a lot of them.
So like skynet's going to hit Montana first,
right?
What if you're on tour,
on vacation,
you know,
so the,
the idea was like,
it's all about skills.
It's all about what you carry with you.
It's not about where you are because anyone about having stuff or how big did
make my a fallout shelter,
you know,
that's not me.
It's not my book.
You know,
like that's not,
there's other guys doing that that are way better at it.
So I'm just doing this about learning skills and kind of like the truth and what
those skills mean.
You know,
all that stuff.
There's,
um,
a study that,
uh,
is,
come out really recently,
uh,
where they,
they been working on this for a while where they've,
uh,
deduced that earth was hit by massive meteor showers about 12,000,
900 years ago.
And this is something that they've discovered evidence for it in many different
cultures,
many different,
uh,
countries.
And uh,
it's uh,
the type of,
um,
like a,
it's like grow the ground is actually turned into glass,
like a type of glass from the,
uh,
from the impact and the heat.
Oh my.
And this glass has been observed at nuclear test sites and also he all over the
planet in,
in places where they believe at 12,
it all,
all dates to 12,000,
900,
just seared the whole planet,
just flop rash,
flash fried.
It fucked the whole planet sideways in a bunch of different spots all over the
place.
It's something called,
um,
it's called melt glass.
It forms at 1,700 degrees equal to an atomic bomb and it's all over the place.
It's all over the place in the world at 12,900 years ago.
And this is when the wooly mammoths died is the end of the pleistocene.
This is when the saber tooth tigers were killed off.
And this is also,
they believe what killed off a bunch of different civilizations.
I think that,
you know,
like fucking 80% of the people were dead because of the sure fire for the
tongue.
Got those like a,
you know,
evolutionary bottlenecks,
like everything gets killed.
And then the one eight that's a little bit smarter,
it gets the gets to fill out that whole,
yeah,
this is also a all over Syria Mesopotamia where you know,
at that point in time,
6,000 years ago,
not 12,900 but 6,000 years ago,
that's the cradle of civilization.
That's the,
what we know is the earliest known civilizations are all in this area.
So it kind of makes sense that it's like the survivors of this terrible thing to
sort of rebuild.
And it also makes sense why every single ancient culture,
whether it's a,
their stories like the epic of Gilgamesh,
they deal with in a previous more advanced coach that was fucked up by
cataclysmic disasters.
So this is probably like shit that was like passed down from generation to
generation of people who,
who survived.
So leaves down villages that they believe were were wiped out by this particular
thing.
They found it in Pennsylvania.
They founded in South Carolina.
They found the shit all over the place and it all dates the same period.
12,900 years.
It's cool.
Definitely like ubiquitous myth,
like we all have,
every culture has the end of the world myth and that shit can,
I mean we look at the moon.
All you do is look at the moment God goddamn telescope.
Yeah.
What's
all those round circles?
Yeah.
That that mother fucker got hit by giant rocks flying through space and one day
we're probably going to see that.
Which would be a trip and a half.
Could you imagine if you were looking at the wound,
get hit,
watch an asteroid hit the fucking are we fucked?
Does that it was two or,
and it's kind of grown.
Yeah.
Well did you see though there's been a bunch of them that they've observed.
One of them fairly recently,
an amateur astronomer observed something hitting,
um,
I believe it was Jupiter,
but it was,
yeah,
there was one that hit Jupiter that they monitored and it's sort of changed the
idea.
They knew it was going to hit you,
but it's like 94,
I forget the name of the comment,
but um,
when,
when they saw the amount of impact,
they were like,
well that's a lot more than we thought it was a lot bigger than we thought.
We made an earth size hole and I know like the scale,
right?
You have no idea.
But then the question comes like head around the scale if that does happen,
if everybody,
but 20% of the people are wiped out.
Do you want to be one of the guys a lot trying to eat corpses?
You know what I mean?
That's a tough,
the tough one.
Sure.
Beef jerky people.
We'll just start off eating.
He fucking,
he didn't rape it ain't rape if they're dead.
That is true,
but I can't trust you if you go around fucking dead bodies.
Yeah,
why not?
Did you fuck my dead mom the first day?
It's a free for all.
Is it?
You get like a horrible kinds of problems and you are the new aids.
You know what?
If the new aids comes from that,
I'd be,
I remember when the whole did the rumor of aids was some dude's fucked a monkey.
You know?
I know there was the original rumor of how HIV was a,
that's you buddy.
You're going to get to rename.
If I get to name it,
I wouldn't have a problem with it.
That'd be Kinda cool to,
if you've got the name and new disease,
that would be it.
Just,
that's all he wants.
Come on dude.
He doesn't have a lot of what's going on.
A hope and a lot of hope there.
He just wants to be the new age.
It's all aim for as high.
A lot of mom's going to be proud of me.
You gotta Reichle infection in your day.
Some dead lady.
Well,
it makes sense that nature would eventually punish you for that.
I mean the reason why people get a Jacobs [inaudible] or which is mad cow
disease,
same thing.
It comes from uh,
in New Guinea.
It comes from cannibalism,
eating human brain tissue.
Oh yeah.
It causes you to have a neurological disorder.
Cause like nature is like listen to the fucking much brains don't do the hacking
it.
Yeah.
You can't eat,
don't eat your own species.
Especially genius.
It's like putting Osx and I'm like a PC.
It's not supposed to work.
It's act.
She were here that thing about,
uh,
this is,
it goes to like crazy theory,
but like what really caused aids was,
was um,
over inoculations.
I've never heard that.
There's a book called,
there is no,
you without me about a woman in Ethiopia who starts raising AIDS orphans.
But the first 50 pages are amazing cause it's about the latest theories on the
aids virus basically.
Uh,
you know,
Ngos were coming to Africa for a hundred a hundred years.
You,
you know,
help,
you
know,
UNICEF,
whatever.
And they're giving people inoculations and they would bring like five needles
and do the whole Goddamn village.
Oh God.
You know,
and they're throwing them in alcohol,
but that doesn't really do it.
And that's how you get shit to mutate.
So they find like,
I think it's called like I was pasteurization process.
You can get,
if you move something with from a bunch of petri dishes with the same needle,
it will mutate each time.
That makes it like when you were saying inoculations,
I was like,
Oh I don't know where you're going with this.
But so anyway,
it's conspiracy theory.
No,
because,
because there's,
um,
there's like,
uh,
a nonlethal form in some parts of Africa of an AIDS virus that's in people from
eating the monkey.
But it's not,
it's not,
it doesn't kill them.
I think dom might be here,
is that dot.
Barrera.
Why don't you see we're all the shadow walk around.
Is it dumb?
Okay,
hold on one second.
I'll bring him in anyway.
Yeah,
I mean it's like,
uh,
so anyway,
the more inoculations and,
and,
and in Africa,
the witchdoctors do inoculations now.
Like it's,
it's like you haven't gotten medicine unless you've been inoculated.
So these witchdoctors all have needles and they're passing.
So there's like,
cause you know there's
a morality kind of to aids where like people think like,
oh,
the Africans is can't control themselves or doing too much fucking,
so they're all getting aids.
But really it's,
it's,
you know,
there's people that are virgins that are getting it pre,
pre sexual contact and uh,
that's the whole deal anyway.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Dama Rarest Sam Sheridan,
Sam Sheridan,
the very talented don my rera.
Hello Don.
Nice to see you.
This is done.
How are you doing?
An abrupt end to this podcast.
So a Sam,
you got to get out of here,
right?
It's two o'clock already.
So Sam Sheridan,
you can follow him on Twitter,
although he never fucking uses it.
And I will start freewill real.
He's never been here before.
I don't have anything to tweet.
And he said last time we was never here.
Brian's podcast,
he did put Brian's talking and you said you were gonna use the Twitter and you
didn't,
uh,
dare,
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
Will you promise you we use it?
No promises,
but you won't know.
I won't do that.
No.
You won't promise anything to say.
Okay,
well if you have something to say,
every now and then it might pop up on fighter's mind.
So just one word fighter's mind on Twitter that had Sam Sheridan,
his books that you can buy right now are a fighter's mind and a fighter's heart.
They're both fucking fantastic.
They're the premiere books on mixed martial arts and a,
when you are,
next one comes out,
the disaster diaries come back in and where I'm going to,
I'm going to read it and for sure read a blurb.
Thank you very much brother John Sheridan.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Ooh on Twitter.
Follow him in life.
Read his books,
learn his mind.
And a thank you to the flashlight for sponsoring our podcast.
Nike fleshlight.
Go to Joe rogan.net.
Click on the link for the fleshlight.
Enter in the code name Brogan's.
Save yourself 15% off.
No more one serves toy from man,
Holler at your boy and thank you to Onnit dot.
That's o,
n n I t,
makers of Alpha Brain shroom,
tech sport,
shroom tech,
immune,
new mood,
and now a seller of kettle bells.
And,
uh,
we got all kinds of sizes from like little bitty girly man.
One's to big fucking giant savage ones.
I don't know how heavy the yet.
You probably don't need anything heavier than 50 pounds unless you're more
swollen than me,
which I fucking doubted.
All right folks,
that's the end of this podcast.
Go to [inaudible] dot com enter in the code name Rogan,
and save yourself 10% off any and all orders you dirty bitches.
We will stop for a second.
Take a leak.
Be Right back with the fabulous dom Irrera.
Hmm.